If I do a B.Tech from any private institute in cse and an M.Tech cse from any IIT, then what will my salary and future scope be? I
What will be the price of iPhone 6 on Flipkart and Amazon after the launch of iPhone 7 in India?
How can I control my anger and how can I focus on my study?
Why do human beings have nostalgic feeling for the past and why we always think \"everything was better in the past\"? What does it mean psychologiclly?
If I appeared in both neet 1 and 2, will it be called to have made two attempts?
For an ML course (using R or Python) is it better to first learn unsupervised learning and then go in for supervised learning or vice versa and why?
I'm 19 and I want to grow as much as possible before I run out of energy/time, and to be financially secure as soon as I can. How do I do it?
Why hasn't Japan formally apologized for the bombings of Pearl Harbor and atrocities committed in China during WWII?
I am a Canadian citizen living in the U.S on a H4 visa and have been offered a position to work from home for a Canadian company. Can I?
May one take Nimulid, Metrogyl and cetirizine tablets in an emergency?
What are the current or new rules and regulation related to MS programs in US?
What is the closest airport to Niagara Falls, Canada, and how does this cities climate compare to Memphis'?
Where can I found completely fire resistant and intrusion resistant shutters in Sydney?
What is the best way to do a complete and certified ethical hacking course?
What is a quantitative user experience researcher position and how is it similar to or different from a data scientist?
2013 Israel Elections: How many laws have been written and passed during the 18th Israeli Parliament (Knesset the 18th)?
HR Technology: Who has experience using WageWorks or TASC as their benefits and flex spending administrator for a company with less than 500 employees? Which do you prefer and why? Are there issues with either systems?
A report on the procedure of purchasing and selling shares through DEMAT Account?
What are the strongest majors in terms of job prospects and what are the weakest majors at Biola University?
Xylene can highly dissolve paraffin wax. What kind of chemical reaction will occur b/w Xylene (ortho, meta & para) and Paraffin Wax (Octacosane)? Can anybody write down the chemical equation?
How do I treat a sore throat and ear pain on my right side?
What is the deepest lake in Europe, and how does this lake's flora and fauna compare to that of Lake Fianga?
I am a high school student, I am scared about college and where I will go. How do I get out of my head that college is everything?
How do I get rid of wrinkles and bags under my eyes?
A father and his son are in a car accident. The father dies at the scene and the son is rushed to the hospital. At the hospital the surgeon looks at the boy and says \"I can't operate on this boy, he is my son.\" How can this be?
Can signaling theory be used to understand and approach the current problem of fake news?
I am a 15 yr old boy.I sleep at 12:00 am and wake up at 5:00 am.are there any negative effects of it?
What were the major effects of the cambodia earthquake, and how do these effects compare to the Sohei earthquake in 1361?
At what height from Earth does weightlessness begin and when does the Moon's gravitational effect start?
What is a portable Wi-Fi router, and how can I use a portable Wi-Fi router when I travel?
While doing sex, do Brahmin sacred thread wearers wear and do sex or do sex without wearing sacred thread?
Devise me how to learn English and can speak as native speaker?
What is the difference between a voice process job and a non voice process job at a call centre/BPO in terms of kind of work and salary in Delhi/NCR?
I'm very sure I saw the POTUS and his family last night in Bangkok. How can I verify?
How do I describe experience in working in a sales and target driven environment?
What do you think Henry Ford was referring to when he said, \"It is well enough that people of the nation do not understand our banking and monetary system, for if they did, I believe there would be a revolution before tomorrow morning\"?
What's the difference between the competency and capability in human resource management?
Could they have explored the friendship of Chandler and Rachel a bit more in the sitcom Friends?
What is the difference between ATA and SATA in an internal hard drive disk?
What are the differences between the T-Mobile variant and the AT&T variant of the Samsung Galaxy S5?
Real Estate in India: Is it a good decision to buy a flat in Pune? Are the properties in Pune over priced? If yes, when and in which area should I go for a 2/3 BHK apartment with some good builder?
If a toy is inserted and I beed am I still a virgin?
What is the actual mileage of a CB Hornet? What are the pros and cons of owning one? Is it worth it?
Why don't we make the white house a gun free zone and get rid of the secret service? Would it save tax money?
Where does the sun rise first and set last in the world?
What precautions are to be taken before and after gall bladder removal surgery?
Where in Asia will I find white sand and crystal clear blue water?
Which one between automation anywhere and blueprism is better for banking automation and in which areas of banking?
My Admit card for CDS exam just have two subjects English and General knowledge mentioned in it. Why is isnt maths or Quant mentioned?
What is the meaning of tamil words \u201cyaazha\u201d (\u0baf\u0bbe\u0bb4) and \u201cmunnilaiyasaisol\u201d \u0bae\u0bc1\u0ba9\u0bcd\u0ba9\u0bbf\u0bb2\u0bc8\u0baf\u0b9a\u0bc8\u0b9a\u0bcd\u0b9a\u0bca\u0bb2\u0bcd)?
Given that time slows inversely to speed, does it follow that time should progress at a fixed \"lower\" rate at the speed of light and likewise that if an object is motionless in space, then time passes at a fixed \"faster\" rate, therefore Earth time can be measured as a ratio of these rates?
What are the main and most important disadvantages and advantages of naturalistic observation?
Are followers of Scientology prohibited from eating bacon, like Jews and Muslims, or subjected to other dietary restrictions?
Why does your tongue feel rough and raw when you eat lots of sour candy?
My 5 years old daughter asked me what's the difference between like and love, to a friend of her, what should I say?
How safe is Papua New Guinea, and how does it's crime rate compare to Angola's?
What is the best way to divide earned money and send it to multiple paypal?
Is it true that Diet Coke's sweetener spikes the insulin and thus contributes to storing more fat?
I have absconded from Genpact and now they have sent me a final settlement letter stating that I have to pay 6025 rs and if I fail to do so they will take a legal action against me. Is there any problem if I don't pay the sum?
Can anyone help me critique two web analysis reports I created? This is the first time I am doing web analysis and I need an expert web analyst to show me my mistakes and/or need for improvements.
If someone took the WAIS on 4-5 hours of sleep and right after a 2.5 hour exam for a class, how would the score be affected?
What are the effects of saturn in 2nd house and sun in 8th house for aries ascendant?
Peter Singer: What would you say is the role of a philosopher in this modern world and how is being a philosopher different now from early-mid 1900's?
Rather, how many spiritual dimensions are there and what type of dimension is the Asral world?
Is it too late for me to be a programmer if I am already 28 and have no computer science background?
What are the best arguments for and against the existence of God?
What is the difference between PGDM and EPGP in business school?
As I have an unhealthy diet. I want to try being a vegetarian next year and start eating healthy. But where can I get my protein from?
Would you move in, if there is a society where there is no money and you are promised provision of food, entertainment, shelter and basic needs?
What is the interest rate in PPF, FD, RD and Post? Which is a better choice to invest?
What do you do when you log out of Instagram, and you forgot the password and the email?
I feel sad for that my boyfriend doesn't talk to me and it is difficult for me to play with his friends. What should I do?
What is the future of instrumentation and control engineering in India?
Software Engineering: what is REST API, and how do I become familiar with it?
What is Robert Frost's opinion about Elon Musk, SpaceX and his ambition to colonize Mars?
How do I be more consistent and give more than what I have got day in and day out without getting deviated from my goals?
Had four molars pulled on top and two on bottom and having pain is this normal?
What things, goals, aspirations, and focii were important to you as a boy and a young man?
How long was the Battle of Gettysburg and how many casualties were suffered?
What can I do to support and encourage the development of synthetic meat?
My ex slept with a guy in my circle of friends and I still love her. Should I forgive her?
What exactly are manifolds (intuitively) and what are their differences from graphs?
My best friend got a boyfriend and I don't know if I can talk to her anymore?
How do you learn the English language as soon as possible and what are the best ways to learn?
What do you think of the the movie Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them? How did it appeal to you?
Do you believe our souls are reincarnated and that you are living one of many lives?
Instagram reset my password and sent a mail to the registered mail  at gmal.com and not  at Gmail.com. Instagram support wont answer me anymoresomeone help?
I'm starting a new job soon and I feel stressed over the new job scope and tight timelines. How should I go about dealing with this?
Should some animal species be allowed to become extinct, and not \"saved from extinction\"?
How do commodity trading firms make money and how high are the barriers of entry?
I am studying 2nd year of engineer studying computer science, and I want to be an IAS officer, how and when should I start studying.what books to read?
What are the benefits of 3 Day full body split and 4 Day Upper/Lower Split?
What are the safest websites to purchase Mildronate from and how can I know I am getting the real drug and not something else?
How can I keep calm and stop raising my voice when I get mad?
How can I stop being jealous of my friend since her and my other friend love each other?
What are the most interesting products and innovations that Sage Therapeutics is coming out with in 2016?
And will fish oil eggs etc make me smarter, and smart people so\u2026?
What is a suitable inpatient drug and alcohol rehab center near Macoupin County IL?
What's the difference between survival distribution function and cumulative function? Why do they call it survival?
What are lookup tables in sql and what are they used for?
If I travel to Italy, Switzerland and Belgium, do I need to buy a new SIM card in each country?
Help me track down this song. It's in a Mountain Dew commercial with an ocean and surfing. Some of the lyrics are \"I'm only going to keep it coming. My name will ring in your ears\" what song is this?
What is the best describe the differences and uses between storage classes in C?
Is it true that Thailand is extremely unsafe and dangerous for tourists?
Hello I'm new to Android development and while im trying to run my app it is giving me this error?
Why is the US banking industry still dominated by the too big to fail banks which are carrying huge amounts of bad subprime mortgage debt, and why haven't new small retail banks sprung up which are not carrying bad debt to serve local customer and business needs?
My crush shows interest in me sometimes, and doesn't care at all, at times. How can I make her love me?
Is it normal that pulling syringe back and forth when taking blood from hand? Or is it so serious condition.
When people hurt me again and again, should I forgive them and continue being their friend?
Is there a communication gap between the present and past generations due to the influence of technology?
Someone has changed my profile picture and post very awkward things on my Quora account, what should I do?
How many movies have Quentin Tarantino and John Travolta done together?
I am a 25-year-old engineer and only know C/C++. What other languages and things do I need to learn to survive in the software industry?
What are the pros and cons of learning Mandarin and Cantonese at the same time?
How do I live a dignified male life, enjoying the x factor in it and same time not hurting the women folk?
If god is all powerful can he make a rock so heavy he cant lift and if he cant lift it is he so powerful?
How is the MBA at SRM University in terms of Placement and Salary Package? Can you please give any documents regarding Final Placements?
Am I pregnant? Had sex 3 weeks ago with my partner and he didn't ejaculate in me. AF is due in a week but 2 days ago I  had light brown spotting accompanied by mild cramps and pulling feelings in the lower abdomen, is this implantation bleeding?
I am a fresher. Currently living in Bangalore and looking for a job as Java developer. Can anyone suggest me from where and how to start my search?
Are there any direct flights between Leeds and Ibiza, and what are Ibiza`s main tourist attractions?
I've experienced a lot with losing both my parents to cancer and heart attack. I want to do something bigger and more meaningful in life. I want to make a living helping others. How and where do I start?
I am in friendship with a girl whom I love. She loves some other boy but he refused. Now she says she would love that boy and no one else. What should be my approach and behaviour to her? She once asked me not to get attached to her as it would hurt me in future. Will she change her mind?
Why do we use the term \"Batshit\" crazy and not \"Some other shit\" crazy?
I miss my cousins too much. What can I do? They are all in different states and we see each other about every 2-3 years.
How does buying FIFA coins work? They have unlimited coins and they never run out. Is the problem that they sell at a very low price?
What towns are located near the Kilauea, and how does this volcano's activity compare to the volcanoes in Guatemala?
Body Temperature: Why do some people feel hot and some people feel cold in the same room?
Assume you are an innocent person who is held at gunpoint and are forced to kill another innocent person in exchange for your life, what would you do?
Why are WebRTC based applications such as Appear and Talky not working over Reliance Jio 4G network?
What is the best book of children's toys and what are its implications for development and psychology?
What is difference between AES 256-bit encryption and Twofish 256-bit encryption?
My laptop hard drive can't be found when booting, and I lost all my files. Can I recover my files? If yes, how?
What are the most interesting products and innovations that Group Strategies is coming out with in 2016?
Do laws against hate speech legally override and suppress our right to free speech?
Which episode of friends had Joey and Ross rehearsed so that Ross could talk romantically, and Chandler came in silently and laughed?
What is the Paypal invoice scam, and how do I avoid it?
Why is sociology a social science and is it applicable in school?
Why do police vehicles only use red and blue colors for their sirens?
How did you get money to start your startup and then how did you make it popular?
If 11 \u00d7 11 = 4[/math], 22 \u00d7 22 = 16[/math] and 33 \u00d7 33 = 18[/math], then what is the value of 44 \u00d7 44[/math]?
Surveys show that religious people are more fulfilled and happy than atheists; if so, then are atheists mistaken for rejecting a path to personal satisfaction?
Am I the only one who prefers Monica and Chandler's relationship compared to Ross and Rachel's on Friends?
What do you think of Nespresso brand and its capsules? If not, what other brands do you prefer and why?
What are the requirements to become president in the United States and how are the requirements different in France?
Should I tell my boss I want to relocate and see about working remotely or risk them knowing I've got one foot out the door?
I have saved one lakh (Rs.100,000) rupees during my internship. I am 20 years old and still studying. What are the best ways to invest this and make a profit out of it?
My mother has GBM Grade 4 and had surgery 3 weeks to ago & was advised to undergo radiation and chemo, is there any alternative treatment available? Tnx
How many moles of water can be made from 4 moles of oxygen gas and 16 moles of hydrogen gas? What is the limiting reagent?
A bowler takes three wickets in three different overs and it was a hat trick. How did this happen?
Which countries would side with India if and when China or Pakistan declares war on India?
What is Ruby on Rails, and how do I get started with it?
What do the levels of zinc and copper in your hair mean?
I'm a 22 year old college dropout but I'd like to go back and start from scratch in an Ivy League college. What should I do?
What is the difference between Windows and Linux for web hosting?
Why don't we put the parents of children who use loaded and unlocked weapons to kill in jail?
What would happen if the federal government was suddenly dissolved and states became their own individual countries?
If Donald Trump stood in the middle of 5th Avenue and shot someone would his followers still adore him?
How do people fall out of love and what are its indicators?
Can a U.S. company hire a foreigner abroad as an employee and never have him/her enter the U.S. or get a visa?
I live with my mom and we are always arguing and she is always blaming me for things and she never wants to talk to me and she told me that she does not care about me and that she wants me out of the house and she never lets me hang out with anyone or leave the house. What should I do about it?
What do you mean by fee based products and fund based products?
When does a startup stop being a startup and become a normal company?
I own a Royal Enfield Thunderbird 500 cc bike. In the last two years it has run only 5000 kms. The bike gives jerks and stops. The service center is not able answer why or to repair it. Any answers/ suggestions?
What lobbyist groups spend the most money, and are likely the most powerful lobbyist groups in Washington?
When you listen to podcasts when and where do you listen to them?
What path was cleared through the Cumberland gap and became a highway to the West?
What are the specific advantages and disadvantages of having big boobs?
Has Taiwan preserved more Chinese culture and tradition than the PRC?
I'm 25 and majoring in industrial engineering in grad school. I know basic statistics and limited knowledge of programming. I am a year from graduation. Is it possible I can pursue my career in data mining/machine learning?
People say if you do good, the good comes back to you, and if you do bad, then bad comes back to you. Does that really hold true?
If you are The Quoran with millions of views and poor and they exchange  dollar /view but you forget all your knowledge and become,a farmer,do you accept it?
How do certain street gangs like the Bloods and Crips compare in complexity and sophistication to the Mafia?
If two British people are working for a foreign employer in a foreign country, and one sexually harasses the other, can they be prosecuted under British law?
Why do Christians eat pork while their cousins Jews and Muslims are forbidden to eat it by the same God?
Why is the distance between Sun and Earth 108 times the diameter of sun and between Earth and moon 108 times the diameter of moon?
I have not received my salary of last two and suddenly company askd me to lay off? What should I do?
Have you ever used a Ouija board? Were you able to contact any spirits and what are your experiences when you used the board?
Mumbai University Law School, Fort (Besides high court and a 100 Metres walking distancce from GLC) or Government Law College.Which one do I choose?
How much power does it take to drill a hole in concrete and how much time does it take to drill it depending on the width and depth of the hole?
My cat doesn't retract his claws and I am covered in scratches and my clothes are ruined. Can I do anything to stop this?
How do I memorise facts and figures of static GK for MBA entrance exams?
Where do I learn about shear force diagrams and bending moment diagrams online?
Is Uganda a safe place to live and work for Indians?
What are the most interesting products and innovations that Select Comfort is coming out with in 2016?
Will Russia support India or China, if Pakistan and China start a war against India?
I have a crush on girl, but she lives far away from me and she is my long relative. What should I do?
What is the Bing rewards program and when is it coming to Canada?
How would you mathematically model and solve the Monty Hall problem?
I am JEE 2017 aspirant. My calculus is very weak but physics is very strong and chemistry strong. what should I do now?
What are the features you feel are missing in Quora and will improve the Quora user experience?
Is this a good time to start an oil and gas service company? Where is the best place to start one?
What's the equation of the line through (3,7) and parallel to x=7; perpendicular to y=-2?
Which one is better: a chemical dual degree at IITD or a BTech in production and industrial engineering at IITD, from an MBA perspective and non-MBA perspective?
How should I plan to complete my 11th and 12th portion for NEET 2017?
Which famous food items you would ask your friends and family to bring from the various cities of India?
Where can I get stylish and yet formal belts in bangalore?
Which are some of the best and latest Hollywood and Bollywood movies to watch?
What is your favorite A Song of Ice and Fire theory that you think probably isn't true?
How can I pick up the pace and be good at music?
How and when did the system of passports, visas and immigration embassies officially come into existence?
If Real Madrid wins the Champions League and Barcelona La Liga, with both Messi and Ronaldo scoring in CL final then who should win the Ballon d'Or?
If the Germans had won the Battle of Britain and occupied Britain, would they have implemented the Holocaust there as well?
How can I switch phones and change phone number on line?
Which is a good inpatient drug and alcohol rehab center in Union County IL?
Why do we use Fourier as a signal analysis and Laplace as system analysis?
What are the most interesting products and innovations that Liberty Media is coming out with in 2016?
My boyfriend doesn't trust me because in the past I cheated on him. I love him and he knows it. But these days even when I do not make any mistake he doubts me. He blocks me from everywhere and threatens to stop talking with me if I did not tell him the truth.  What should I do?
Whenever I turn my sound bar on, it pops and immediately turns off. It tries to restart itself but it continues to pop loudly and turn off. I have a Pioneer SP-SB23W. I took it apart and I don't see any connection issues or blow capacitors. What could cause this?
Why do my brother's ears get hot and red sometimes suddenly?
What are some intresting things that I can learn in one minute and it will be usefull for rest of my life?
What is the difference between black people's hair and white people's hair? What causes the difference?
What is the course design for UG at IISC and Int. BS-MS at IISERs?
I'm a student at NYU, planning to pursue careers in consulting.What majors and minors should I take? I'm an artsy person in personality and I like NGO.
How might you apply knowledge and experience in robotics systems to unmanned systems?
Is Netanyahu generally liked by non-Muslims, non-Arabs and Israelis? How do Jews and Christians in the whole Islamic world (from Jakarta to Casablanca) think of him?
How are computers cooled and does it vary based on the size and function of the computer?
How can an intern at a beneficiation plant of zinc and lead ore be useful for a student of metallurgical and materials engineering? What career avenues can a metallurgy student search in mineral processing?
What effect will increased automation of jobs and high unemployment have on population growth?
What are the software requirements and steps to build a bayesian spam filter?
I'm 36 year old man and in love with a 19 year old woman. Should we date and see if it's right for marriage?
What are the differences between a convent and co-ed education systems?
Bhagavad Gita: (4.7) Why god not took avatar when millions of Indian children, women and man were tortured,slaughtered,butchered by foreign invaders?
How are the laws regarding speed limit enforced in Florida, and how do they differ from how they are enforced in Oregon?
What are some examples of endangered species in the tropical rainforest, and how do these differ from those in streams and rivers?
What are the best places for hiking and mountaineering in India?
I had a bad acid regurgitation one night. I woke up having a bitter taste in my mouth and my throat coupled with severe breathlessness. Does this make me a candidate for GERD?
Beer: Why do most bars in America serve 12oz pints and get away with calling them \"pints\"?
My father has got brain stroke and I have lots of financial problems in my family and I am not having proper food to eat so I want to end up my life
Which are the countries who has bombed and occupied Japan in the past 100 years in the history?
Can I remove sun tan skin and back to my original skin?
How can I use Omegle on my iPod Touch and how is it compared to using Chatrandom?
I have messaged a friend on Facebook, it says \"sent\" and he has been online from web (as it shown on my messenger app). Does that mean he muted me?
What is the effect of milk and white eggs on body?
I want to increase my height.I have started drinking 1.5l milk and doing jumping rope so taking calcium.What should I do to INCREASE MY HEIGHT?
I want to go into an international school in Korea, Japan and China. Are there any affordable schools that offer boarding?
Consider patients can wear wristbands in hospitals to track their health progress and replacing the checklist. What are the target markets for this product?
What should I do to speak English fluently and not face any problem with vocabulary?
We are two candidates in the final interview and I was offered. Is it good time to negotiate the offer or can they rescind my offer?
I have been a .Net developer for over 2 years and I would like to switch to big data. Is it possible to switch, and how good is it? Should we learn any tools?
I have joined a NEBOSH IGC course. I'm from a Civil Engineering fresher. In terms of job and salary, which one is better IGC (or) ICC (Construction)?
Is there a word in any language to describe the anger and rage, for someone who passed away, for leaving you all alone?
I'm using Madagascar vanilla extract and it seems thicker and stickier than the ones I've seen on cooking shows, why?
How do I cheer myself up after an exam? I don't feel so confident about it and it is a national exam. I made careless mistakes and i feel demoralised.
I am getting electrical in IITB and C.S. in IITD. Which should I choose?
Was there any difference between US revolutionary fighters cause and Hamas struggle against so called their enemies, British empire or Israeli  ?
What is global citizenship and what are some examples of it?
Where can I find good viva questions for physics and chemistry (class 12) for free?
What can sales people learn from marketers and marketers learn from sales people?
What is your review of Zen and the Art of Motorcycle Maintenance?
What's the body that governs sports in Russia, and its (email) contact point?
How much does it cost to replace and install new garage door opener?
What are the most interesting products and innovations that SM Energy is coming out with in 2016?
My life is like Sherlock Holmes season 2 and 3. I am Sherlock. What can I do?
What is the largest island in the Mediterranean sea and how is it different from other islands in the Mediterranean sea?
What are the best type reels for bass fishing and why are they the best type?
Why do some Muslims think Jesus Christ is alive in heaven when it is illogical and contrary to what the Quran says in last verses of \u201cAl Maidah\u201d?
Although Virat Kohli averages above 50, he scores 100 in one match and 2-3 runs the following match. Is it better to have a player with a batting average of 30 who can consistently score 25-35 runs?
Is 178cm/5'10 tall for a 14 years, 8 and a half months old boy? How tall will I be??
I'm single, unemployed, broke, in debt, living with my parents, about to turn 40, friendless, depressed, and miserable. I don't know what to do with my life. How can I possibly turn it around?
My boyfriend says that I always leave him second and don't listen to him so he broke up with me?
I have a client in the US who is ready to outsource me development work. Who in Pune can help me with taxes and payments receivable regulations for my IT company (which is not yet formed)?
What are some Nordic facial features, and how do they differ from Arabic facial features?
What are the best resources for learning Chinese (Mandarin) and how can I become a competent speaker, reader and writer of the Chinese language?
What is the reason that after knowing the truth of Nirmal Baba, Asaram Bapu and now Radhe Maa, people still visit Baba and Devi?
What is static to static efficiency and total to total efficiency in a turbo machine?
Why do you ignore people's arguments and make your own, then turn off replies? People may have a response!
Apple eyes 500 stores in India across cities and towns. Would Apple be successful to be one of the mainline brands in India?
What is the difference between a subset and a proper subset? What are the examples?
Why can't Yahoo allow me to type in a name or word and block all emails that have that name/word in them?
Pollution: How do the interior VOC and PM2.5 levels in universities compare with those inside home and inside other buildings?
Why is it in India that a Muslim supporter is 'communal' and a Hindu supporter is 'secular'?
Address Translation techniques in Paged Memory Management and support through TLB. Support your answer with an example?
I am 13 year old and 6'4\" (194cm) is this normal?
What could I do to reduce my sleep and utilize more time for studying?
I feel like I'm surrounded by friends who, even if unintentionally, don't take me seriously and simply treat me like the happy-go-lucky clown of the group. Do I leave this group of friends or how do I deal with it?
Licking up woman's sensitive parts such as inner thigh, navel and nipples, and slowly blowing air to dry it up. Will that tickle them a bit?
What is economic efficiency and what are some examples of it?
How can I stop from wanting to learn everything and focus on one thing at a time?
What is the difference between; Swar, Raag and Taal (in simple words)?
I've been in a relationship for 7 years and I'm not sure about marriage. How do I figure out what to do?
My website's pages and posts were indexed by Google 3 months ago. Why does my domain authority and page authority have a value of only 1?
What are some Must watch movies and documentaries for motivating programmers?
I want to start a rehab(non-profit-organization) and help young people addicted to drugs out there , who can I talk to ?
Which book should I refer for design and analysis of algorithm?
The first four Caliphs after the Prophet Muhammad are known as the Rightly Guided Caliphs (R\u0101shid\u016bn); Abu Bakr, Umar, Uthman, and 'Ali. Does this suggest, according to Sunni sources, that these men did not make mistakes in their administrations?
How are the Gettysburg Address and the Declaration of Independence related?
How many songs can a 16GB, 32GB and 64GB iPhone hold?
What is the split of pro-Trump and pro-Clinton top executives of Quora?
Which are the major highways in California and how are they compared to the major highways in Kentucky?
What is the difference between the Palestinian and Kurdish desires for a state and why do Arabs believe in one and not the other?
Where can I get most reliable and prompt electrical services in Alexandria?
How do insurance clearing house intermediaries such as ENS Health, Availity and Emdeon work? What is their architecture?
Can someone make a coherent and chronological timeline of the film, Coherence?
How do the laws of nature stay the same at opposite ends of the universe, when light, and information, could not travel between them?
What is the most clean and beautiful city in the world?
What is the climate of California's coastal regions, and how does it compare to the climate in Wisconsin?
What should I do if I just met a girl on fb and I started talkin to her and I told her that I would like to know her better, start a friendship and see where it goes, but she hasn't replied to my last message in a week?
Why education system of India cannot educate RTI and teach CAG report to kids?
What is the best book for a teen to read and talk about at a pageant?
If I send an iMessage to someone with an iPhone and it goes through as a text, am I blocked?
What are some ways to amplify linear motion and what are some of its applications?
What are the most interesting products and innovations that Strategic Hotel & Resorts is coming out with in 2016?
Can you recommend tools to automate functional, performance and load testing for flex based desktop applications?
What exactly is baud rate and how is it different from bus frequency?
What is the difference between 'while' loop and 'for' loop? What is an example of this?
Can you sleep in an airport if you just arrived and don't have a flight the next day?
What is the concept of 'manglik' in Hindu religion and its ill effect on marriage?
What is the meaning of a blog and what is the use of it?
What would happened if India and China suddenly matched up the USA's economy and become superpower\u2019s?
SPOILERS: Is Jon Snow the \"song of ice and fire\"? Because he is fire plus ice?
I want angel investors for my website. Where and how do I approach them?
What is the difference between Information Technology Engineering and Information Science & Engineering?
What are the similarities and differences between Ingress and Pok\u00e9mon GO?
UPSC CSE 2016:How should one prepare Ancient India & art and culture for upsc civil service examination?
What is the medium of propagation of earthquake waves and what are some ways of calculating it?
How will the ban of 1000 and 500 rupee notes affect the Indian economy?
I am writing a book. I want a stranger to read a chapter and give honest feedback. Who can help?
The U.S. Treasury Department mints a American Eagle gold coin that is legal tender and has a face value of five dollars. If it is legal tender and issued by the U.S. government, why can't I go to a bank and exchange a  dollar 5 bill for one gold coin?
I m mechanical engineering graduate, 14,currently working in IBM(GTS).Should I quit this and search job in mechanical field or continue with IT field?
If I wear a 'do not resuscitate band' will I be allowed to die? I am 57 and do not have a preexisting cardiac condition and live in the UK.
Why don't people just amass a lot of debt and then declare bankruptcy?
I am 24 earning 1 lakh per month in Bangalore and received one more offer should I work or not? How should I manage the work?
I am a self-help junkie. I get high on reading books and watching talks and obsessively organising my goals/priorities/principles. But I have achieved nothing in my life and just keep going back to the books to get my fix. How can I start getting results?
Who are some social activists in India and what are their achievements?
I would like to track emails opens with a pixel, and retrieve the results via API. Is there an SaaS for this?
What are some of the best and intellectual questions asked in an IAS interview?
Is it allowed to upload a video that contains copyrighted material and keep the video as private without monetizing in YouTube as a YouTube partner?
Which is a good inpatient drug and alcohol rehab center near Union County FL?
If a batsman hits a ball and the ball splits into two with one half being caught by a fielder and the other going for a six, what would it be?
I want to install a 3G tower in the Kutch, Gujarat area. What are the names of the persons and their phone numbers who are reliable concerning this?
What were the causes of the Crusades and what was the outcome of them?
Does it count as copyright infringement if I solve the exercises of a course book and post it's solutions on my channel as a video?
What is the difference between ETF and mutual funds (with respect to Indian markets)?
How do I enlarge the length and width of my penis?
Why does Gulliver decide never to lie again and never to return to human society?
A report on theprocedure of purchasing and selling shares through DEMAT Account?
I am an ordinary high school student of China and I want to study abroad. What should I do?
Neuroscience: How does the relative distribution between long-range and short-range connections (or modularity) differ between human brains and corvid/crow brains?
What and where would documents and data be on an iPhone?
How will Hillary Clinton influence the relationship between US and India if she becomes the President?
What is a good inpatient drug and alcohol rehab center in Jerome County ID?
What do I do when my low self confidence and depression interferes with my studies?
Can you hide the green active dot and your picture and still read someones messages and view their page?
Why is space explained without up and down like its a straight line?
What are some of the inter-Religion influences and infusions adapted and adopted in Confucianism?
What is data balance and phone balance and how they are generating?
Can lettuce cause diarrhea? If so, why and how can it be treated?
Military Strategy: If you are an Army General and you 'absolutely' have to invade Russia in winter, how would you do it?
Are the forces of supply and demand on gold and silver independent?
Question That Contains Assumptions: Why is cheating and dishonesty so rampant in India?
How can an economy achieve low unemployment, low inflation and economic growth at the same time?
If time is not fixed, but varies with speed and gravity, how can we say that the universe is roughly 14 billion year old?
Which of James Patterson's co-authors is your favorite and why? Which of their books do you recommend?
I lost my Aadhaar card and registered phone number. What can I do?
What are the differences between chart and graph? What are their similarities?
Which is a suitable inpatient drug and alcohol rehab center in Jackson County FL?
What are the most interesting products and innovations that Century Bank is coming out with in 2016?
I am lost in the wilderness. I have a compass, watch and map. How do I use these items to find civilization?
Can you wash meth with acetone and that be it do you have to recrystalize?
Why is only me, Annika Schauer, Lara L Lord and our forced closest family members on Quora on December 26th 2016? Or are you hiding?
Can anyone list some sites to study data structures and algorithms from scratch to advanced level? I'll prefer hands on learning rather than videos.
Is there any relation between Mukesh Ambani and present RBI Governor of India?
How can I check if my 11 years old and unused bank account still exists or not?
Why are all the Hindu mythological characters such as Ram, Raavan, Laxman, Arjun written as Rama, Ravana and so on in English books? Who has mandated the extra 'a'?
My wifi speed is being listed as 80 - 100 Mbps and it takes 20 seconds to fully load the front page of YouTube. Is this normal?
What would happen if a zombie and a vampire bite each other? Who would turn into whom?
If a Redis instance is SLAVEOF a different instance but has a client connect and send write/update commands to it (it being the slave), what happens?
What's the best way to get my driver\u2019s license number and information if I lost my driver\u2019s license and need the number now?
In Westworld, are William and \"The Man in Black\" the same person?
How does one explain the difference between object-oriented and procedural programming in layman's terms?
Where can I get the list of orphanages and children homes in Trichy? What are some of the NGOs in Trichy?
What could replace swimming, tulips, fashions and butterflies for a more masculine bedroom because it's too girly?
What is it like to have a narcissist and a sociopath as parents?
In a fight between a cougar and a grizzly bear who would win?
Can judges go to pubs and other social events in india?
What if we compare Rafale with Su-35 which is China and Pakistan is going to buy from Russia?
In Star Wars did Han Solo and Leia have any children?
Why did the Jews reject Jesus as their Messiah and Muhammad as their prophet?
Is The \"Pokemon Ranger and the Temple of the Sea\" a problematic anime?
What does it mean to dream about finding a lost little boy wearing blue and being very protective of him? At the end I finally find his father
What is the difference between a traditional and an organic intellectual?
Why is the sign on new Rs 2000 and 500 notes that of Urjit Patel and not of Raghuram Rajan?
Is it legal for an individual citizen to actually solicit and sell his or her vote? After all, isn't that what our Congressmen/Congresswomen do?
How can I design a circuit to control an AC lamp bulb that  gradually decreases the light from maximum to minimum and vice-versa using an appropriate microprocessor or any other simple circuit?
What is the actual population of Telugu speaking and Kannada speaking people in Tamil Nadu?
What is the difference between chromium6 and chromium 3 which is more dangerous to health when mixed in water?
How can I create a calorie deficit in diet and bring down body fat percentage?
What are the environmental impacts of the tourism industry and how does it negatively impacted Seoul?
How are the rates calculated for unemployment benefits in Maryland and how is the process different in Tennessee?
What is the Personal Property Security Act and how is Nova Scotia's different from Manitoba's?
One of my friends (she) is always calling me sweetheart/darling/jaan and all. Is she trying to flirt with me or is she trying to set with me?
Why does higher income cause the demand for beef to increase and the demand for poultry to decrease?
What is the difference between a hosted and a non-hosted AdSense account?
What are the most interesting products and innovations that Trinity Industries is coming out with in 2016?
What is the difference between NH3 (ammonia) and H3N (Hydro nitric acid)?
My mom is extremely conservative and isolates me from my friends. What should I do?
Which book should I refer for section and junior engineer (Electrical)railway exam 2015?
How do you know about UTMSPACE (School of Professional and Continuing Education) in Malaysia?
What's difference between stock, stable and nightly ROM of cyanogenmod? Which one is the best?
If you've already had a vaccination but didn't remember you had it and got it again would there be any bad effects on you?
Can we observe planets surfaces and subsurfaces using radio/micro/IR waves passively?
Will California vote to leave the United States and if it does, what happens next?
Are there \"Ivy League\" level colleges and universities on the West Coast?
I m not good in physics and physical & inorganic chemistry, and I am participating neet-17,how could I prepare for it?
If there were no rules in your life for one day and you could be outrageous, what would you do?
What is the best way to invest money and get good returns for the retired person?
I love lemons and limes, but I know that they are incredibly acidic and not great for teeth. What are good ways to counterbalance the acidity?
I am going to start frankie, sandwitch and hot chocolate cake items so plz suggest best one, thank u?
Where can I get Real Genuine data base registered and Fake Passport, Drivers license, Id cards?
How can the Lewis structure of NH2CL be determined, and how does it compare to that of carbon?
Will you be watching the Olympics and what is your favorite Olympics event?
In Minecraft, if I plant some seeds and go away do they grow?
How does a Vacuum Booster work and what is the \u201cvacuum\u201d in vacuum brake booster?
How can the drive from Edmonton to Auckland be described, and how do these cities' attractions compare to those in Hamilton?
Describe the bit logical instructions and format with example for using them? In relation of microcontroller and application?
Would you use an app that made it extremely simple for you to rate and review any kind of service: administration, flight company, restaurant?
Is there any good and free journal to publish a paper?
I'm quite a heavy drinker; at least 2 bottles of spirits a week and 5 pints a night. I'm quiting for 30 days. What will that do for me?
What is the most frequently conquered and occupied piece of land in history?
If f(x) = (x^2+x+1) / (2x+7) and g(x) = (x^2+x+1) / (0x^2+2x+7), are they equal?
What's the daily diet and exercise for a 14-year age girl?
How have media and internet changed our elections and is that a good thing?
Why do I see red and blue spots when I get dizzy?
If Hillary gets in the office and people find out she is corrupted, what will happen?
Which is a good inpatient drug and alcohol rehab center in Barrow County GA?
Did J.K. Rowling write Harry Potter and the Cursed Child? How much of it was written by Rowling?
Where can I find any reliable and cheap Java hosting out there for only testing purposes?
What are some tips and hacks for making a degree in kinesiology and exercise science useful?
My girlfriend's ex-boyfriend is trying to get her back, but she loves me and wants to stay with me. What should I do get rid of him?
How quickly can one learn node.js and MongoDB if he is familiar with angularjs?
What are the different versions of Visual Studio and what are their differences?
Is electrical and electronics engineering a good and core branch in b.tech?
What was the significance of the battle of Somme, and how did this battle compare and contrast to the Battle of Tubruk?
What skin conditions does decade-long lack of sleep cause, and what should be done to help recovery?
Which is the best rehabilitation center for alcoholics and drug addicts in Bangalore, India?
What is the difference between pressure and stress as they have the same units?
What is the one activity/hobby you used to do/stopped doing and now you really miss it or wouldn't mind taking it up again?
What were the major effects of the cambodia earthquake, and how do these effects compare to the Rat Islands earthquake in 1965?
What could be the best slogan on cleaniness and peace. This is only one topic.?
Is there a mention in the Quran that Earth is flat and the Sun revolves around Earth?
How do I prepare for AIPMT and AIIMS in just 5 months?
How effective are sleeping pills, and what are the common side effects?
What is unusual or different about the food and cuisine in Luxembourg?
Who has died and been brought back to life and what did you see or feel?
What are the best universities for doing a master's in CS and EE in the USA with a GRE score of 300+?
What is the difference between absolute grading and relative grading systems in universities?
What is abstract algebra actually talking about and how can I see its application in physics?
Why are employees of Google and other tech giants paid in stocks?
Can I crack AIPMT 2016 with biology and chemistry only (obc category)?
What are the best media and video editing softwares for a PC?
I am a vocational school graduate with a chemical engineering certificate and 1 year work experience. Can I go abroad equipped with those?
What are the requirements to become president in the United States and how are the requirements different in Venezuela?
What are the major stereotypes people have about Myanmar and to what extent are they true?
Which are the upcoming and most expected hollywood movies in 2016?
Can the TDR be filed if the train is late and and has still not arrived at boarding station?
What is the psychological meaning of girl tying and untying her hair frequently?
I have job offer from nvidia,qualcomm and amazon? which one should i take?
Why am I so defensive and how can I change that?
What are the main differences of culture and civilization rules between UK and USA?
My daughter wants to work on a farm and I pay the farm. Is this considered labor under US law?
In India, can a person become both a member of the Parliament MP and a member of the Legislative Assembly MLA?
I am currently playing The Sims 2 with Nightlife, Seasons, Freetime and Apartment Life. If I would install Open for Business, would my save file work?
What are statutory service and non-statutory services? How do they differ?
Can I use high-voltage and low-voltage RAM both together in my laptop?
How many packages are shipped through Amazon per year in the US, and how has that number changed since the company's foundation?
Quora changed the \"Open Questions\" tab, and now I don't see questions sent to me. Is there a new tab I'm not aware of?
What were the development and marketing budgets for 2K Games' \"Evolve\"?
How can I use Omegle on my iPod Touch and how is it compared to using aFreeChat.com?
I am a 20 year old girl. My thick hair is speedily thinning now and I have a considerable hair fall. How to regain lost hair naturally?
I haven't had a girlfriend all my life. I'm pissed off and 25 now. I like one girl in my college, but I fear to confess this to her. What should I do?
What are the advantages of changing 1000 and 500 rs currency notes in India?
How well does a MacBook Air run Photoshop and Illustrator, CS5.5 edition?
What is the best way to treat and inner ear infection in dogs? Is it contagious?
What were the major effects of the cambodia earthquake, and how do these effects compare to the Sanriku earthquake in 1611?
Where can I get flare wedding dresses and mermaid wedding dresses in Gold Coast?
What is the difference between a unitary and federal system of government?
Which currencies are backed by gold as of 2016, and what about Indian economy?
What are the strongest majors in terms of job prospects and what are the weakest majors at Indiana State?
What is the strategy behind Myntra and Flipkart moving to apps? How will this impact them?
Which US presidents have been impeached, and what are the reasons why this action was taken?
Canada: Why am I stopped and searched every time I land in Canada?
Does Canada keep records of people who go missing in national parks and wilderness areas? If not, why not?
How can I find out my username and password for my IRCTC account if I forgot them?
If one rank, one pension is provided only to the Indian Defence Forces (Army, Navy and Air Force), will it affect the morale of the Indian paramilitary forces (BSF, CRPF, ITBP, SSB and CISF)?
How do I write a code for an image to fade and text to show on hover using only css?
Why was India govt human right abuse always received less coverage on Western media and never  become a hot topics for western politician to raise it?
What are the major differences between Silicon Valley of USA and Bangalore, which is termed as the Silicon Valley of India?
I am 21, want to work in a different city. My parents are a bit orthodox and overprotective for me. How should I convince them?
Did Narendra Modi's reference to Gilgit-Baltistan, PoK and Balochistan in his Independence day speech indicate a change in India's Pakistan policy?
I'm a 17 year old extremely interested in investing, finance, business management, and marketing. Are there any must-read or suggested books to read?
How can Darth Vader breathe and talk at the same time?
How does the Transformer works when its coils are inductor and inductor opposes any alternating current through it?
What is the difference between Farsi and Arabic and which is easier to learn?
Have any of the \u201cPresident Obama is going to declare martial law and become a dictator\u201d crowd publicly recanted?
I want to change my schools website and get payed for it. How do I go about this?
What would happen if a husband and wife have the different blood group?
How do I stay motivated and achieve my goals without procrastinating?
I'm a man in my early 40s. I feel stuck and that I've wasted my life and it's compounding my depression. How can I change?
What is the difference among float, double and decimal data types? And how do you decide which one to use?
What is the difference between a full load current and a rated current in electrical?
How should one prepare for Science and Technology for UPSC exams?
I am a 23 year old girl, getting married next month and I am absolutely terrified of my first night with him. What should I do?
What is a good inpatient drug and alcohol rehab center near Huron County MI?
I am allergenic to common cold.Suggest me a fast and best cure or home made remedies to common cold?
How many 3 digits number can be made from number 1,3,4,5 and 6 if repetition is allowed and the number must be less than 500?
What is forgiveness all about and why do we need to forgive?
What are group 1, group 2, group 3, IAS, IPS, and UPSC exams? What is the competition level for these exams?
What are the steps to register and copyright a website in India?
Alternate History (Hypothetical scenario): What if superheroes and supervillains emerged in 1970s Australia?
I got two job offers, one from Oracle Fusion team as Automation Engineer, and the other from Fission Labs as QA engineer. Which one should I join?
What are the legal separation laws in PA and how do they compare with the ones in Vermont?
I saw a girl everyday in a bus. I knew for sure that she eyed me too. Suddenly after three months she is now with somebody. Now I feel like I've been left out, lonely, and heartbroken. Does it mean I was in love with her at first sight? Did I let her go without any fight?
Besides Bernie and Sen. Warren, whom do you consider the most unimpeachable and committed populists currently in public office?
How do I tell a girl on the train I find her attractive and want to get into her pants, with just eye contact?
How do retailers like Big Bazaar and Spencer's decide the location of there store?
How do I block ads and pop up sites on chrome for Android?
I need to buy a laptop. I am into performing modeling and simulation and I need to spend my dollars wisely. What do you guys/girls suggest me?
If the citizens of North Korea stood up against the regime and China agreed not to intervene, would the USA and Uk agree to back them up?
Which service is better at networking and 3G speed wise, Tata DoCoMo, Idea, Vodafone or Airtel?
If you had all the money and all the time in the world, what would you do?
I have just moved to the US, what are the best and fastest ways to start building a good credit score?
What are the applications of HCF and LCM in daily life?
What are some of the basic concepts of game design and game development for new game developers who are seasoned programmers?
My name is Mohd Yousuf on all my certificates. However, in my passport and my IELTS, it has Mohammed Yousuf. Will that be a problem if I apply for a Canadian student visa?
What is calcium carbonate salt, and what purpose does it serve?
What is dark matter and dark energy and can they be contained?
How do Muslims reconcile the Quran's anti-idolatry stance and the sacred black stone in Mecca?
Say I have a box that contains 4 red balls, 10 green, and 1 blue (identical in every way aside from color). How many times would an observer need to randomly draw balls from this box (replacing and mixing each time) before being able to determine the respective proportions within standard error?
How did Nidhi Shah manage to get PhD admits from top US Universities by preparing and giving different exams (GRE, TOEFL etc) in just about 11 days?
Is it weird that I'm 18 and I like a 14 year old guy?
If I have 50 lakh as black money, what will happen if I disclose it and deposit the money in the bank? After Modi has banned 500/1000 notes in India?
Are there any differences between the Republicans and Democrats, once they are in power?
What is it like flying from Bangkok to Manila and how are these touristic cities compared to Hyderabad?
How many atheists has William Lane Craig debated, and how many debates has he won?
How are the rates calculated for unemployment benefits in Maryland and how is the process different in Wisconsin?
What are Moroccans like, and how does their culture compare to Ghana's?
How much does an aluminum window and door corner crimping machine cost in India?
Eternal Debate: Marvel Superheroes vs Goku and Vegeta. Who'll win in a face-off battle?
Is age 13 too late to join BSA and attempt to reach Eagle Scout?
What impact can competition have on your pricing and when in the product life cycle especially true?
My wifi hotspot from a CMD prompt is unstable. It connects and disconnects periodically (30 sec). What could be the reason?
What is weightage given by XLRI and XIMB to previous academics?
What is the level of JEE advanced physics, chemistry and maths? Are they really of M.Sc level (Beyond 12th level)?
What prepaid card can I purchase and load directly from another prepaid card?
Why is Salman Khan always arrogant and rude towards media and fans?
I want to be a child psychologist, what qualification do I need to become one? Are there good and reputed psychology Institute or Colleges in India?
Nowadays I am becoming really intolerant towards selfish or wrong people and I find it fair to be selfish to them. Am I wrong?
What is the Turing Award and how can I earn one?
Is there a good bed pillow that stays cool and does not get hot while you sleep?
I am having problems joining and posting to groups on Facebook. I was blocked from joining for 30 days and it has been more than a month and I am still unable to join groups or post. Why is this?
What is the best tool to build hybrid apps. with simple forms to gather data and graphical data visualization that require minimal coding?
What is a good computer and monitor to buy under 1000 for YouTube gaming and photography editing?
I want to invest 4000-6000 INR on monthly basis. What are some good ways to invest it apart from FD RD and share market so that I can have a decent savings within 2+ years?
I'm in my late twenties, battled with anorexia for 10+ yrs. Never happy since then and the fear of weight gain hunted me forever. What shall I do?
What are the pros and cons of owning a mixed-breed dog?
What does a woman's pussy taste like after another man has cum inside of her and how many hours later can you still taste him if she hasn't washed?
What are the red marks on my skin after acne and how do I get rid of them?
What are the strongest majors in terms of job prospects and what are the weakest majors at Central Michigan University?
Where does Melodyne stand relative to Premiere and other programs in the music mixing world?
What is the difference between byte code and machine code and what are its advantages?
When I'm around people I get uncomfortable. I get annoyed and irritated. does this mean I'm antisocial?
What is the difference between 4 ohm and 8 ohm car speakers?
What was the significance of the battle of Somme, and how did this battle compare and contrast to the Battle of Groenkop?
Does a failure student who was just pass in 2nd, 3rd and fail in 4th,5th,6th,9th & 10th repeated. Can Such student Crack GATE EE exam?
What is the difference between relative and absolute positioning in Css?
If someone's dog was not leashed and charged me in public and I kicked it in the head could charges be pressed against me?
I always dream that someone is running after me and trying to kill me. What does that mean?
If I eat too much sugar, it feels like my face is hot and a little wet on the upper lip. Why do I feel like that?
What is the weather in Orlando like on June, and how does it differ from the weather in November?
Is it possible to solve the problems of droughts and floods if we align the rivers of India?
How do applications like Netflix acquire the rights to show movies and what sort of deals do they work out with the movie houses?
What is the difference between a country and a sovereign city-state?
Why is Internet so expensive and so scarce (really slow) in India?
I am planning to invest Rs. 2 lakhs. What would be the best plan to invest and how much money will I get in return within 5 years?
How can a 14 year old lose weight and what are the most appropriate exercises for a 14 year old?
Recently I had purchased a product from an online shopping website (Amazon). After that incident, I am followed by an annoying advertisement of various shopping sites on that product in each and every website I visit. How did all the websites I visits know about my interest in that product?
What is the most drastic decision you've ever made and did it impact your life positively or negatively?
What is the symbol for gravity, and how does Earth's gravity compare to Mercury's?
As of today which programming language would be best to learn and master at as a career point of view?
I deleted .aae files by mistake on my iPhone 6 running on iOS 9.3.1, and now all of my related photos are gone. How can I recover these images?
In the 2002 world cup, how did Korea and Japan decide who gets to host the finals?
What if Chi-chi died of natural causes and Goku had to raise Gohan himself? How would the series and Gohan change from this?
Who should take out the garbage if the husband commutes and earns the salary but does nothing else around the house besides his laundry?
What is the best way to determine the PGCD and the PPCM of two numbers?
What is the difference of kilohms and ohms and what are they used to measure?
Should I practice data structures and algorithms with Python or C++?
Why is it easier to be motivated in the daytime and not the night or evening?
What is the most exclusive club in London, and how could you blag an invite?
How do I style my hair and keep it in place without hair gel?
Can we upload the same video and change the subtitles and host many channels? Is it violation of any rule?
Eye Rewind Serum helps to rejuvenate and redefine your damaged skin. Is it good or bad?
How good is dual n back and what are a normal persons results with it?
What caused the big bang and has there been more than one bang?
What is the maximum age limit to apply for government jobs in India, and also let me know on which all jobs I can apply?
Which are the business and job opportunities for Indian in Russia?
What are ethical principles and core values that governs social work in the US?
Can someone that has ADD also have Autism? I have ADD and I am starting to think that I have Asperger's Syndrome as well. (High Functioning Autism)
What are some of the quickest ways to calm your nerves and feel good when you're really emotionally sad?
How can I use Omegle on my iPod Touch and how is it compared to using Cams.com?
Why does Donald Trump shout and lash out at people so much?
A few years ago I moved 1.5 hours from the main city. None of my family and friends visit me although I always visit them. What should I do?
I've planned a family trip (wife and kids ages 13,11 and 8) to London and Paris for next week. Should I still go?
My sister has not had her period since June 9th. It is now August and she is not pregnant. What could it be?
Who is your favorite and least favorite character on Homeland, and why?
Why is Andhra Pradesh not objecting to or fighting for Krishna-Godavari basin oil and gas, for having denied their rightful share on the resources and the royalty, which are being stolen by the Central govt-Reliance combo?
How do the coefficients of static and kinetic friction compare with each other?
What is the longest roller coaster in the United Kingdom and how does it compare to the longest roller coaster in Germany?
Why haven't the prices of HDD and SSD's gone down very much this year?
How do I get a job as a Travel Writer and get sponsored to travel?
How can I ask my Manager to send me onsite, what is the process and what minimum requirement I should fulfill?
Are MSI laptops as durable and long lasting as Macbook Pro?
What is the difference between a 4 and 6 cylinder engine?
What are some different scopes for an electronics and telecommunication engineer in a software firm?
My Canada visa request was declined today. How soon can I reapply and what can I do to be granted a visa?
Is there a known lifeform that gives birth to another and lives in symbiosis with it?
What are the best cheap and good places to stay in Singapore for tourist?
What is plastic welding and where can we get plastic welding?
What are the laws and regulations regarding bail bonds in Alabama and how does it differ from Arizona?
What is the difference between make progress and make a progress? Are both ways correct?
What sort of job roles are offered in finance and marketing at Snapdeal? How do I apply for the same?
I have cleared group 1 IPCC but haven't done ITT and OP. Last year, I had started ITT but left it midway. All the batches are full till April, help?
I'm interested in deception science, body language, behavior phychology, and things of the like, is there a field of study that encompasses these?
I had been in a serious relationship with my boyfriend for 3 years. For the last 2 months, we have been fighting a lot and I got very frustrated and irritated with him. During this time I got close to one of my friends and we started liking each other. What should I do?
How can you compare and contrast the nervous system and the respiratory system?
What are the biggest pain that people face with paperwork (e.g. contract, Paper invoices, forms, documentation, etc) and how people solve it? What are the most popular application they use store, search and organize them?
If the arithmetic mean of n numbers x1 , x2,..., xn is M and A is any arbitrary number, then show that sigma (Xi - A) 2 = sigma (Xi - M) 2 +n(M-A) 2?
What are some important topics related to finance and economics that one should know of when appearing for a group discussion or an interview?
What's the key sustainable competitive advantage LawTrades has over UpCounsel and the many other competitors in your space?
Can I exchange my processor (2 x 2.4 Ghz) and replace it with an Octa-Core (4 Ghz) without changing anything else?
I read that NSE has announced both bonus and split. What is the name and price of this stock?
What's the difference between the American pit bull terrier and the American Staffordshire terrier?
Do you think any country will outperform and overtake the American economy in the next 30-50 years?
Is there a way I can hack Tata sky HD and get channels for free?
If a landlord demands a tenant immediately vacate a California rental property and the tenant has no lease, how long does he have under law?
Which is a suitable inpatient drug and alcohol rehab center in Macon County GA?
Why has my Uber account been disabled and how do I reactivate it?
What are the best book of Aptitude and English for SSC main exam?
How difficult is it to integrate a web API and what's the process you take when you integrate an API? What challenges do you face?
What is your favourite scene from a Bollywood movie and why would you recommend others to watch it?
If a Bollywood movie were made on the life and career of Dhirubhai Ambani, what would be its before interval scene?
I'm 14 and I just had sex for the first time, I feel so guilty and bad about myself, like I'm a failure. Why do I feel this? How do I feel better?
According to Hindu rituals, why are the married adults and some unmarried teenagers cremated (burnt) while the unmarried (saints & babies) buried after they die?
What were the main successes and failures of the Chindits in Burma in WWII?
What would happen if both Donald Trump and Mike Pence were assassinated after the election?
Can Malaysia immigration block a person's passport and prevent him/her from leaving Malaysia? Why?
What is the difference between Castilian Spanish and Spanish variants in South America?
Which is a suitable inpatient drug and alcohol rehab center in Butte County ID?
What would be the pros and cons of sending all trash into outer space?
What are the social protocols for gazetted and non gazetted officers?
How would you compare the group-working products of Google Docs and Office 365? I'm interested in the small project management features?
What should I do to get my one and a half month old son in advertising?
What is it like to take Statistics 221 (Statistical Computing and Learning) at Harvard as an undergraduate?
What is the difference between Electronics & Communication Engineering and Electronics & Telecommunication Engineering in India?
What are some cheap, natural and effective ways to get rid of tan for men?
Do you think that our future in technology will be able to provide safer and more effective penis enlargement surgical procedures?
How relevant is France and UK as permanent members in UNSC today?
If someone keeps bringing up embarrassing moments and putting you down - is that bullying?
I took emergency pill a week after my period, and now after 5 days I get my period again. Is that normal?
I have a good idea for a book, but I'm not very good at writing in English and I'm not excited to write it in my language either. What should I do?
As plants produce Co2 in the dark, and O2 in the presence of light, if I put a plant in a position that it is half exposed to light and the other half is in darkness, in a closed box, without any extra air from outside, would the plant survive?
If X and Y can do a work in 10 hours, Y and Z in 15 hours, X and Z in 3 hours then in how many hours can X, Y and Z do the work? Explain 4 as answer.
Can I get CGPA 10 if I score A1 in 2 subjects and A2 in one subject and finally a c grade in maths?
How can I download UPI App (Unified payment Interface) launched by RBI and National Payment Corporation of India?
I have an idea for a business in an industry I don't know well. How do I get people on board if I cannot pay them and if I do not want to offer them shares for part ownership?
I have a job in Timor Leste Australian base company and I can get a PR after my 8 month job. My question, is it possible to go Australia with PR?
What is a good inpatient drug and alcohol rehab center in Franklin County AR?
How do Fear the Walking Dead and The Walking Dead differ?
Are Asians, on average, better at math and programming than non-asian people?
Will we run out of land one day because rain and rivers, rain and waves are eroding the land?
Is online coaching better than going for institutes like TIME and PT Education for CAT preparation?
Lots of people say they can program on Windows and on iOS. Doesn't any operating system work for this?
If a guy behaves cheesy to impress you, would you think he is fake and try to avoid him or acknowledge the fact that he is, after all, trying to impress you? So, why not give him a chance?
theories (anything worisome) about a painful purring sensation in my chest when the EKG and holter came back normal? (19f, 150lbs, 5\u20321\u2033)
What does it mean when your car won't start and it makes a clicking noise?
I want to buy an AC and I am confused between Mitsubishi, Hitachi, and Daikin. Which one is the best?
Why in DoubleClick Bid Manager, when I enable vCPM on a line item and select to cap the average CPM bid, the bid is still up up to 6x larger than my cap?
Can i use cracked software and torrents in Malaysia without getting fined?
When my wrist is extended I feel a shock and burn similar to my funny bone being hit. What could this be?
If the purpose entails unfulfilled goals, but if an omnipotent God doesn't have unfulfilled goals, and whatever God's goal to men define good, why do people think that a human's well being is a purpose of God?
What is the important of the 1st and 2nd Continental Congress?
Why am I always tired all day? I sleep fine and I have no health concerns?
What is the best place (good ambiance and affordable price) to stay at Goa for a couple?
What are the most interesting products and innovations that PROS is coming out with in 2016?
Can a person be a Hindu and still follow some other religion? I have come across Hindus who consider other faiths as merely different schools of thought and think of culturally similar Muslims, Christians, Sikhs, Jains, Buddhists even Atheists as Hindus.
What's the use of collation in Mysql and how do I choose the appropriate one?
I am 24 and working in a company as a sales engineer. I have completed my engineering in EXTC and want to know if there is any certification that can give my career a boost?
If you are a shy guy, will you overcome your shyness and initiate a conversation or date if you are interested in a girl?
What is unusual or different about the food and cuisine in the Netherlands?
How do you learn something new and prevent yourself from forgetting?
After a little workout my heart rate increases drastically and I would go out of breath. What should I do to overcome this?
I remember reading about a country that elected no president, and has been running fine for several years now without one. Does anyone know of it?
Which are the best 3 and 4 star hotels in Goa?
What were the major contributions of the political leaders during WW1, and how are the compared to the ones during the Spanish Succession?
Do you think it's possible for a normal man to go to Bangkok with his friends and come back without having sex there (as Bangkok is famous for sex tourism and it was an official trip)?
What happens if Humans are crossed with other animals? Are there any experiments regarding such and the result of such experiment? Can it develop new species completely different?
How likely is one to get a job coming out of SCAD (Savannah College of Art and Design) with an industrial design degree?
How do you correctly use \"has\" and \"have\" in a sentence?
How long will it take for you to write a novel and publish it, especially for your first novel?
I had a phone interview with Google 4 days ago and I still don't have an answer. What does it mean?
What is the best private messaging app for both web and mobile that does not require a phone number?
I have a passcode with 4 numbers, how many combinations are there? The password can't have any of the same numbers and you can enter the code in whatever order. So, if the code is 1234, can you also enter: 4321?
What does one mean by SEO and SEM in digital marketing space?
What do men think about MGTOW (Men Going Their Own Way) movement and them emasculating men who don't agree with them by calling them 'mangina'?
Why is it always expected that a woman should take care of housework, children and cooking (especially in Indian culture)? Are these activities the responsibility of women alone? Why do men not share equally in such work?
When would be a good time in my career to prepare for CAT, I'm 25yrs old and I work for a leading E-commerce company as an associate?
Is there any difference between the air conditioners of Mitsubishi Electric and Mitsubishi Heavy Industries in terms of quality? If yes, then which one is better?
When I take a nap, it always lasts 3 hours and I don't want get up. What should I do?
How can a married man get baptized and yet have sex with another woman?
How much does pointer/CGPA in Electronics branch (like a guy with 7 pointer and a guy with 8.5 pointer) matter while placements in a IT Services company (like TCS, Accenture)?
Why do semiconductor companies follow data flow and behavioral level Verilog style? What are the disadvantages of circuit and gate level?
Would you like to share your learning experience and build a learning routine to help others learn fast and systematically?
As someone who is majoring in Business, will that and minoring in Psych be enough to get me into a graduate school program for I/O Psychology?
What is the difference between internal medicine and family medicine as medical specialties?
How much data do Google Maps, Waze, and similar apps take if you use them for car navigation?
What occurs once in a minute, twice in a moment and never in one thousand years?
What caused MIT to pull off Prof. Lewin's lectures and revoke the emeritus title from him?
Why is Colorado considered a swing state and how is it important to the elections?
Shouldn't Christians wear the same dress as Muslim women by covering their body and leaving only some parts, because in Christianity nuns are religious people, they cover their body and wear a scarf-like thing?
Do hedge funds' and banks' proprietary high frequency trading software/algorithms pick up and base trades around information depicted on Jim Cramer's Mad Money Show?
What are Hillary Clinton and Tim Kaine doing about global warming?
What do primary consumers eat and how is it different from secondary consumers?
What is the deepest lake in Europe, and how does this lake's flora and fauna compare to that of Lake Victoria?
Why do some women choose to keep the man from being in a child's life when they are willing and actually want to be a father to their children?
I'm doing first year electrical engineering. Will I have time to learn to code and will it help me in the future as I'm not a CS student?
Why do some Muslim community heavily criticise their young Muslim girls and put their family into pressure of controlling their daughters life?
What if Constantine did not have his vision and lost the Battle of the Milvian Bridge?
What are the differences between red and yellow bone marrow and what are their functions?
How are electron, positron and gamma photon created from a vacuum?
When an engine in a car is both turbocharged and supercharged how does this system work? What is the advantage?
What is the best time to visit Kerala and what are the places to visit in a span of 8 days?
Why does there seem to be such tension between Katniss and Peeta from the opening moments of The Hunger Games: Catching Fire (2013 movie)?
What is the second largest planet in the solar system, and how does its composition compare to Venus?
How should I choose between Apache Storm and Apache Spark Streaming for a real time analytics project?
Winston Churchill didn't seem healthy. He was overweight and a smoker. Still, he lived 91 years. How did he do that?
How does Vijay mallya duping the banks and leaving the country affect normal people?
I want to design and build my own home in India. what are the pros and cons compared to buying a pre-built house?
I'm a single working mom. Is it bad that my 2 year old is an absolute annoyance and I can't wait for a babysitter sometimes?
Is it practical to drive from Dubai to Doha and back? Any visa restrictions for a British Citizens?
My girlfriend wants to go to a beach party with her girl friend and I feel insecure about it because I imagine that guys will try to dance with her and touch her inappropriately. What can I do about this?
I am a 15 year old girl and I have really heavy cellulite on my butt and thighs, does anybody know how to get rid of it?
What are the risks of making and eating ice cream made with liquid nitrogen?
Which are the best real estate and construction companies in Hyderabad?
Do you believe that words are magical and have power in healing?
I am 19, and have INR20000 (~US dollar 290) from my savings and earnings. How should I invest it further (short term) to get better returns or earn more?
What is the best way for a non-Bangalorean to search for and apply to engineering colleges in Bangalore?
What is the Indian caste system and how does it work?
Why we keep on living despite the fact that life makes no sense, and is mostly made of suffering (before death)?
We stand with Machiavelli that \u201cpower\u201d and not \u201cjustice\u201d is the most important unit of analysis in politics?
What was the cause of your low self esteem and how did you overcome it?
What are the difference Between Rohingya and Kamein people of Myanmar?
How do you open your third eye and know that it has opened?
I earn 8.0 LPA and working as Software Engineer with 6 years of experience in Java (web and Middleware) in Chandigarh. Is my salary and career good?
The IPL Pays People Different Salaries.Some make more than others. it is good or bad to pay athletes that much and whether they are worth the money that was paid for them.How much were they actually worth?
Why are houses in India not built of steel and assembled, unlike other Western methods of building construction?
Every book can be summarised to a few lines of the main plot. Do writers add layers and characters to a forethought plot or the other way around?
How can I recognize a sociopath and become close with them?
Organic Chemistry: What is the difference between physical and chemical properties of an alkane and an alkyl radical?
Which is a suitable inpatient drug and alcohol rehab center in Calhoun County AR?
What is the third largest island in the Malay Archipelago, and how does its wildlife compare to Rarotonga's?
Why are the large stadiums like Camp Nou, Bernabau and Signal Iduna Park not hosting for the UEFA Euro 2020?
You can have one superpower \u2013 and only one. What is it, and why did you pick it?
What is the difference between social anxiety disorder and avoidant personality disorder?
What are some major landforms in Texas, and how do they compare to the most famous landforms in Alaska?
Does Borneo keep records of people who go missing in national parks and wilderness areas? If not, why not?
I want to buy a private company. The equity value is  dollar 5m and the enterprise value is  dollar 8m. What should be my bid price?
Why does my concealer get cakey and ashy even when I moisturise my under eye area and use a corrector underneath?
What's the difference between the minimum due amount and the total due amount on a credit card statement?
In how many ways a team of 11 must be selected from 5 men and 11 women such that the team comprises of not more than three men?
This is a question for Indians who are working as freelance writers, who have made a profession of it and may have given up their full time to pursue it: What has been your journey like? How did you start? What kind of difficulties did you face? And what tips might you have for a newbie?
How do I search a person's questions and answers in Quora through his/her name?
[SPOILERS] What is the plot summary of Harry Potter and the Cursed Child (2016 play)?
How does an aircraft carrier stop itself and how long does it take to come to a complete stop?
My CGPA is 8. I have four more semesters before I complete undergraduate studies. If I make my CGPA about 9 and spend an year doing research, what are my chances of getting into a top graduate school in US?
How can I implement messenger like chatHead and floating window to my android app?
Where can I get best pest management and prevention service in Bronte?
What chances do I have to get a great job if I study Aerospace engineering and I want to work as a computational fluid dynamicist?
I am a 20-year-old male in my final year and I got placed in a software company that I will be joining in June 2015. I am very shy and I don't talk much. I have very few friends (no close friends) and not even one girlfriend. How do I improve myself to interact with people? How do I improve my personality?
I've been doing research on 2nd Screen sport predictive apps, and came across the Heineken Star Player App Does anyone know what happened to it more recently and what kind of impact it has made in 2012 and 2013?
I just found out I'm pregnant at 5 weeks and I've been cramping and spotting, but just a little. Is this a sign of a miscarriage?
My friend asked me \"Is it wrong to go out and have fun while my mom lays dying?\" I don't know what to tell her. Any advice?
He said his feelings have changed towards me and doesn't want a relationship right now, does he mean it or is he using it as an excuse?
What is the academic pressure and workload at Concordia University like?
In layman's terms, what is the difference between a P-P plot and a Q-Q plot, and when would we use one or the other?
Is it appropriate to write hobbies and interests in a resume or CV?
Why do some people not respect boundaries and what can be done other than suffering the consequences?
Which is more valuable between the open university and distance learning university for B.Ed while I am pursuing MCA from IGNOU?
Why do the power levels of Piccolo and Yamcha remain the same whereas Goku and Vegeta's family increases?
Which is the most economic and good UPSC classes in Pune?
What is the difference between a star and a delta connection?
Ex-CIA Chief says Trump is an \"unwitting agent\" of Putin. Do you agree and does that make Donald Trump a security risk?
I'm a 13 year old boy. I'm 5.5 feet tall and I weigh 135 pounds. How do I lose weight and exercise more?
In in vitro migration experiments, using Boyden chambers and RAW 264.7 macrophage cell line, why do more cells migrate towards serum free medium than medium containing FCS?
Where are social security numbers and identities sold on the black market?
Why is Quora showing me the same questions again and again when I visit the website or app?
How do I move on after a break up and get over his thoughts and concentrate on my career.?
How do I get wider hips and shrinking waist for crossdressers?
Why does the Navy rank use admiral and the USMC rank use general?
Was the fix in on the election? Did the Clintons get Bern to go as far left as possible and Trump as far right in order to funnel voters to Hillary?
My most favorite cousin marriage is coming and Lahore is well known for best shopping zones from where can i do the best shopping?
Is it normal to have your period and 22 days later get it again?
What is the difference between Visual Basic and Visual Studio and what are the languages supported by .net framework?
Real Estate: Who pays stamp duty and registration charges when buying or selling property in India?
What is the difference between stocks, bonds, securities, and funds, and which one is the best to start with, as an investor?
If  rupee 500 and  rupee 1000 notes are banned then why are new  rupee 500 and  rupee 2000 notes being introduced?
I want to become a maths lecturer at Cambridge University. Right now I am studying B.tech in my first year. I had started teaching juniors and seniors when I was 12 years old and my students also have got gold medal and 10 grade points in boards. So what should I do to become a lecturer now?
[Spoiler] Why did Lex Luthor cut himself and give blood in the Krypton spaceship? What was the point of that?
Are cloud-based apps such as Evernote, Installer, and Pocket liable if a user stores copyrighted material in it for personal use?
Why do we use the mixture of Nitric acid and sulphuric acid in nitration of nitrobenzene?
What are the pros and cons with pass by reference and pass by reference pointers?
I don't feel motivated and I am putting lot of pressure on myself and it became compulsive. Is there a way out?
I have many tiny pimples on my entire face except on my nose and the skin beside my eyes. How do I get rid of them?
What is the meaning of life and what gives your life meaning?
Why is the wolf which is weaker than the tiger and the lion not seen in circuses?
How effective is thanaka powder and Kusum oil for facial hair removal?
What do people both from within and from other countries think about Americans (good and bad)?
I have to write an essay about Joe Lang Kershaw. I need a thesis statement and some information to finish my essay. How did he help people?
Is my tongue piercing infected if the bottom hole is white around it and a bit red and it stings when I push the bar up to touch the bottom?
Does AbdurRaheem Murphy believe that Islamic migration to the West from the Middle East and Africa will bring victory to the believers in Islamising Europe?
What is the biggest obstacle to saving and investing money in Nigeria?
Why have drone sales taken off in the past few years, and what technological advances have made consumer drones possible?
Why does a shoulder surgery hurt so much, and what are some ways to relieve the pain?
Why is it hard for a boy and a girl to be good friends?
What are some common ways of breaking your finger and why do children break them so oftenly?
What do people with foot fetishes do and how can they get rid of it?
I was taken to a old warehouse by a gang of Pakistani men they striped me naked and told me to masterbate myself till I cum I could not do anything?
Which organic aloevera gel is best suited and effective for oily and acne prone skin type?
What is the continuity of f in [-2,2] and nature of each discontinuity if f(x) = x+ {-x} +[x]?
What is a good alternative to Clean and Clear Finishes Pore Refining Moisturizer?
How much time government need to restore the cash crunch in the economy and what's max capacity of government that can print notes in single day?
What is difference between resume and CV? What I used for job as fresher in India?
What is the best way to learn Linux and Shell scripting for a beginner?
How torque converter is engage and disengage the engine and transmission during gear shifting?
What is the importance of FDI and FII in India or any economy?
What are some differences between the proton and the \\Delta^+[/math] particle?
What is a suitable inpatient drug and alcohol rehab center in Muscatine County IA?
Are Partial Differential Equations (PDEs) useful in finance other than options and derivatives? What about portfolio optimization?
What is Profile Engine, and how can a profile be deleted from there?
Is there any loophole in new 500 and 2000 rupees notes launched for blackmoney holders?
This girl was on good talking terms with me and we were getting on well. Why is she suddenly ignoring me now?
How should I start learning about stocks and investments? How do I start?
How shall one implement the Twitter stream/REST API on a website that has multiple user handles and the Twitter stream can differ from user to user?
Which one is more genius and artistic: Hayao Miyazaki or Walt Disney?
How can I recover my Gmail when my number has changed and I can't remember what email account I used?
How do I pray to Salat al-Istikhara? At what times, and is there a special dua that I can read for different circumstances?
What do Quorans think about Salman Khan's sentence and about getting acquitted by the high court as of Dec 10, 2015?
I am scoring 430-480 In Allen Minor tests Achievers batch (last phase) and I am 1st time dropper. what are my chances of getting college by NEET/AIIMS?
What are some good USB C headphones available in India and will they work on the ONEPLUS 2?
What are the pros and cons of living in Richmond, VA?
Who would be the major players in WW3, and what countries would probably become allies?
How do I edit a PDF file and save back again in PDF or Word format?
If we had to evacuate earth bringing only living and assuming the resources are at hand, would China or India consider bringing elephants?
How is IIM Vishakapatnam doing with regard to exposure and placements. Is it better than IMI Delhi?
Where can I get dedicated & protecting fire and security services across the Sydney?
What is name of album in which actor was in Jeep and saw a girl in train then follows her and both sings some Hindi old songs antakshari?
What was the significance of the battle of Somme, and how did this battle compare and contrast to the Battle of Bataan?
What can I do to help a friend who just had a premature baby? I don't live in the same town and don't want to bother them but I want to find a way to be there for her.
How much would it cost to build a castle as impressive and luxurious as Neuschwanstein somewhere in the Rocky Mountains, USA/Canada?
What can one do other than asking and answering questions on Quora?
What does it mean when a girl shares everything with you and says that she's attracted to you but doesn't want to be in a relationship?
After 3 month of rooting my xolo q1011 , it stopped charging and it charges while it is switched off, why this is happening?
What is a company called that prints, distributes and advertises a book for the publisher?
Online Payment Gateways and Processing: How are Stripe and Square different?
How can I become so huge with muscle and mass that people turn their heads in public places?
I could easily get 8-12 hours of sleep each night and then go back to sleep at any point in the day. Is this normal?
By giving my debit card number, expiry date and CVV, can any site have access to my account? If I block that card and issued a new card then can they debit money from my account?
I want to create an eCommerce website using WordPress. I also want visitors to be able to post and sell their own items.? Can anyone help with ideas?
Will the TTIP and CETA allow the European citizens to live and work in Canada and the US, or at least create a visa that is easier to get?
I\u2019ve started a game development project and still in the early days. How could I fund my software licensing along the way?
What are the best co-working spaces and meeting room rental options in Jakarta?
Why can't cellphone owners delink old phone numbers and their linked apps if they don't keep the phone or it's connected number?
I have 7 years gap after graduation. I want to do MS in US. I wrote TOEFL and got 93.Can I apply to any university in US without writing GRE?
How prestigious are ISEF, the Google Science Fair, and the Davidson Fellowship when compared to the Intel Science Talent Search?
If the Germans never persecuted the Jews, treated POW's well and drafted them into their army, could they have won WW2?
If you call someone on whatsapp by mistake and instantly hang up, does it still give them a missed call notification?
What is the difference between the Nvidia GeForce 820M and the GeForce GT 820M graphics card?
What is a suitable inpatient drug and alcohol rehab center in Crittenden County KY?
What is the reason behind voltage and current having different phase in AC circuits?
Live in Lagos Nigeria. Where can I get editing and proofreading jobs online?
If you were given one opportunity to time travel, would you go back and change something in your past or would you go and explore your future? Why?
What if we never landed on the moon and everything was staged by NASA?
What are your favorite and least favorite tropes in urban fantasy?
How can I increase my blog traffic and indexing of blog pages for better SEO?
Can I clear JEE Mains in 3 months? If I dont know much of heat and magnetic in physics. Else is okay. What steps should I take now.
Why there is ionic bond in liquid HCL and covalent in gas HCl?
Why HF is the weakest acid among HCl, HBr and HI though its electronegetivity is highest?
What is a good inpatient drug and alcohol rehab center near Morgan County GA?
What book is best for both learning data structures and learning their implementations?
I was an alcoholic, so was my mother and grandfather. Can my siblings and I pass it to our  kids if I am the only alcoholic?
Are the men and women who work at restaurants such as Hooters and Twin Peaks misogynistic? Why?
Battle Tactics: How is software technology being used by the army and other related departments like the CIA?
Does Michelle Obama personally respond to emails and letters sent by the American people? Why?
What is the difference between mechanical engineering and mechanical sandwich engineering?
How can I figure out my Snapchat password and email address affiliated with it?
What are the major blogs/websites in France to rate and review iPhone & Android apps?
I am in my first year at university and I find it hard to read. My exams are less than 20 days away and I am very unprepared. What do I do about my carefree attitude?
A married woman, due to an accident, loses memory of her marriage but remembers almost everything else. Now she falls in love with a new guy and wishes to marry him. What would be the psychological/legal complications involved?
What is the difference between bioremediation and phytoremediation? How are they similar?
What is the difference between BSc and a BTech in computer science?
Does Earth have a collective consciousness? Since crowds do and societies do, why not the whole planet, and mankind, as well?
What are some pros and cons of using a PHP rules engine?
Is the University of Ottawa highly regarded and good for employability?
Is it possible to buy a car and rent it to Uber or Ola?
What is the nearest airport to Daytona Beach, and how do this cities tourist attractions compare to Missoula's?
What advice can be given to help me control my emotions? So my partner and I won't yell, cuss, name call at each other.
Where to find older people who have no job and need no money and is lonely wanting to communicate by what's app?
Can I get 80 percent marks in physics and chemistry CBSE class 12 boards just by studying past year questions and chapterwise solutions?
What is pay for deck cadets in maersk and what is the waiting time and how is the food onboard? \u263a
Which one is better between APICS and IIPMR for certification in supply chain management?
How do Quora and other advertisement free sites and apps make money?
Explain differences between states in state chart diagram and activities in activity diagram? Show the differences between two using example diagram
Who are some famous people named Howard, and what are they famous for?
Is there a difference between HD voice and VoLTE or is it the same thing?
Mahatma gandhi and br ambedhkar despite having divergent approaches and strategies had a common goal of amelioration of the downtrodden?
Why do Apple Macs have a command key in addition to regular PC modifier keys, and why do they insist on using them instead of control?
What is different about the Here and Now edition of Monopoly?
What is difference between J2EE with Struts Framework and J2EE Struts with hibernate framework?
What do you do if you are pregnant and start having contractions at 26 weeks?
What are the strongest majors in terms of job prospects and what are the weakest majors at Baylor University?
What type of doctor is the most appropriate to treat a hernia, and what is the most recommended treatment for them?
How safe is Singapore from a tsunami and other natural disasters?
Where do local people shop clothes and shoes in Milan Italy?
What are the benefits and disadvantages of drinking red wine daily?
What are the frequencies of lower and higher octave classical SA and PA in Madhyama shruti?
I truly need advices. How do you rebuild your confidence and self-esteem as a software developer who just started out, but failed your first job?
What is the difference between a dermoid and a sebaceous cyst that occurs on the scalp?
What are the pros and cons of unlocking an iPhone 5?
What is your job, education, and salary? Are you satisfied with your current job?
What is the compliance voltage of current source and the compliance current of voltage source?
How do the websites which show live train running status work? These websites synchronise and update the train running status automatically or it is updated manually?
Which one is the best and worst Bank in Pakistan? And, why is that?
What are the similarities and differences between classical liberalism and libertarianism?
How do I find packers and movers service provider in Gurgaon?
What happens if you combine high rep sets and low rep sets in weightlifting?
What is the prediction for my career, finance, marriage and yoga as per Indian astrology.My DOB is 22nd March1992 , 3:10 am bhilai.Chhatisgarh?
What kinds of problems can computational biology solve and not solve (both conceptually and in reality)?
When Belfort in the film 'The Wolf of Wall Street' threw the lobsters and the FBI agents, couldn't they have arrested him for assault?
Find the equation to the circle passin through the points (0,a) and (b,h) and having its centre on the axis of x?
I am 17 years old girl of height 160 cm and my weight is 68kg. how much kilos should I lose and how should I do so?
I want to lose weight for an event coming up in 2 weeks and I really don't care if I gain it back afterwords. What should I do?
What are the top 3 most unbiased and accurate news sources or programs?
I am getting a new iPhone and I have to choose between iPhone 6s plus and iPhone 7. Which one should I get?
Should Muslims in the Middle Eastern countries give more food and jobs to Indian immigrants to win the hearts and minds of Indians in India?
What is the syllabus at NSIT for the first semester (computer science)? Which concepts of 11th and 12th (all subjects) should I revise before I join?
I forgot my insta pass and the email is not for me what can I do?
What is a brain teaser that is very short and extremely hard for adults?
What is the meaning of bad karma and how do buddhist compare it to good karma?
Is SSC CGL TIER 2 quants and english exam held on same day?
What practical problems will we face from the banning of 1000 and 500 rupee notes as legal tender?
Why are nitrogen triple bonds so stable and double bonded nitrogens are so unstable?
How can I learn free big data and Hadoop and what are the good resources?
What is the history of the Glassboro train station, and how does it compare to Seaforth station?
My daughter used my snapchat and said she was 12 and snapchat is locked can I reopen it?
Who will win the 21st match between Thailand and USA in the 2016 Kabaddi World Cup?
Are there any direct flights betweed Leeds and Ibiza, and how do Ibiza`s tourist attractions compare the the ones in Lisbon?
What was the significance of the battle of Somme, and how did this battle compare and contrast to the Battle of Hong Kong?
Why don't educated India people revolt against their nonsense and lying government rule and bring about true democracy in India?
How is wind energy classified, and how does it differ from gravitational energy?
In what ways were the Vietnam war and the war in Afghanistan similar?
Why do people like reading things about love, relationships, sex and heartbreaks more than anything else?
What is one thing that you've wanted for a long time, and you have never got it; however, you will probably not be happier if you have it?
Great Britain is leaving the European Union. Greece is in financial turmoil and is looking for yet another bailout. Will the EU eventually collapse?
What does Ezekiel 18:20 mean and is or why Adam and Eve's sin imputed to latter humans?
While playing games in my laptop with 4GB NVIDIA GEFORCE 940 MX graphics card and 8 GB RAM, the games are lagging. I am playing the game in windows 7?
Why is it that I have bipolar disorder and feel uncomfortable around people who don't understand mental illnesses?
Even after 1 year, I suffer from what I have indirectly witnessed and it even follows me in my dreams, why can\u00b4t I just forget about him?
What guarantees are there that the new 500 and 2000 INR can't be duplicated given the quality of the notes?
What are the most interesting products and innovations that Franklin Resources is coming out with in 2016?
Hyderabad, India: Do people from other parts of the country actually pay heed and know why there is a protest in Andhra Pradesh over the division?
Is the relationship between Malaysia and Indonesia comparable to that between China and Taiwan?
What is the difference between a Toy Poodle and a Teacup Poodle? How are they similar?
What is your review of Kubo and the Two Strings (2016 movie)?
What do you do if you are lost and don't know what you want to do in life?
Sex Toys: How do I choose and use a penis ring?
Can cars run on water, like Stanley Meyer and some Australians claimed?
Does homeopathy as a protocol assist the body to feed the illness and cure cancer, or does the body heal itself?
Confused between Graco snuglite click connect 30 and 35, what is the difference between both of them, other than weight?
Why do grades in the US usually range from A+, A, A-, B+, B ... D, D-, and then jump to F rather than to a grade of E?
What if someone created a new world on Mars and all the world's geniuses went to live there forming a new species?
Would a professional man who owns a company be serious about wanting a woman with tattoos and a septum piercing? Wouldn't that harm his reputation?
What word or term refers to the concept of gathering and analyzing a large body of data?
How does NTT Data recruit and what is their selection process?
For what use cases do you think deep learning and neural networks overkill and simpler models work better in practice?
Why would someone call out my name and say hi and then not talk when you go up to them?
What happens if I do not have sufficient balance in my Paytm wallet after taking a Uber ride? My Uber ride fare was 613 and I had only 200 in my Paytm wallet. Can Uber take any legal action if I do not pay the balance?
What is the political, social, economic and cultural status of women in rural areas of Arizona?
Which social networks do you use, and what do you use them for?
Which are the values of the Converse brand and the perceptual map of the consumers?
What were relations like between the United States and England after the Declaration of Independence?
How many hours do topper study during exams and during regular times? For how many hours do they sleep during exams?
What does Hillary Clinton see as the future jobs of the middle class and how will she reform education to prepare people for these jobs?
How much did the prostitution and Organ trafficking market got affected after Money Ban?
Is there any connection between the American dad episode \"Jenny fromdabloc\" and the song 'Jenny from the block' by Jennifer Lopez?
What is a consecutive calendar day and how is it related with the Qin calendar?
What are your opinions on Donald Trump and his presidential campaign?
What's the very essence of politics and the difference between it and rule, govern and domination?
Vedas: Are there any libraries in India which have preserved the ancient vedic texts and related books or have a collection of some of the best books related to vedic science?
What are the procedures of starting a virtual airline and what is the approximate revenue?
They say that today's cell phones have more computing power than NASA used to go to the moon in the 1960s. If that's true and assuming I have my own rocket, what apps would I need to make it from Earth to the moon with just a phone and a rocket?
What are the most interesting products and innovations that Green Bank is coming out with in 2016?
When I close my left eye and see from my right eye, Words of newspaper and headlines of TV etc..appears blurr to me?
I just started my period and it's brown, is this normal?
What are the main similarities and differences between Judaism, Christianity and Islam?
I am 19, I eat a lot but am still underweight. I am too thin and I know that my body build affects my personality. What are a few practical and practicable ways to gain some weight?
What's the body that governs sports in the UK, and its (email) contact point?
What are some of the most unjust and oppressive laws existing today?
What are the key factors for thinking about sponsorship assets and rights identification for a large company?
What are the most interesting products and innovations that Mobile Mini is coming out with in 2016?
What are some examples of endangered species in the tropical rainforest, and how do these differ from those in freshwater wetlands?
What would happen if Russia and the EU declared war on each other?
What is my personality type if I've got ENFJ, ENTJ and ESFP on different occasions as my test result? Who am I?
I am not getting any signal in Moto G3 for Jio. The sim is active and I have put it in first slot. Can someone help?
Do you have the PDF books and CD-ROM to prepare for PTE?
What is a polar covalent bond and what are some examples of it?
Why does speaking to family and people who aren't family feel different?
If we use the Jio sim in one phone and we can use in another phone?
What is the review of Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them movie?
Why do some people start to use Joomla and later move to WordPress?
Is it possible to generate unit test, integration test and acceptance test automatically?
What is the difference between information systems and management information systems?
What is a suitable inpatient drug and alcohol rehab center in Haralson County GA?
Hypothetically if Germany had not started other conflicts prior and invaded the Soviet Union in the spring of 1943 could they have defeated Stalin?
How can I stop worrying about my future and career and start focusing on the present?
My uncle stays with his mother he is 30 years old and she pays his phone bill and he walks around slamming doors because he is broke? What's wrong?
How do I handle girls (very good friends) who constantly keep on bringing their boyfriends up in conversation and suddenly start sharing their sad story about how their boyfriends did this and did that to them?
Why do \u201cChristians\u201d and other theists think that atheists and agnostics have no morals?
Which serial killers were addicted to drugs and what crimes have they done while they were?
I will be an ESCP student next year, and I want to join an MBB. Which track would fit me the most?
Are aliens already living on Earth and influencing or controlling human affairs?
What is the growth of the BPO and KPO industry in the past ten years in India?
What is the cheapest student health insurance that meets the minimum requirement of PPACA and can be waived by Gallagher for an international student?
How can I score 97 percent and above in SSC 10th exams?
I have about  dollar 2000 that I won in a competition and I'm a 22 year old college senior. Should I take a trip abroad alone or save the money?
Write two diffrences between hormone and nervous system regurding their mode of function?
Who was your first kiss with and what was it like?
3 men or 4 women can do a piece of work in 43 days, then how long will 7 men and 5 women together will take to finish the same work?
What is the difference between a slate and a non-slate pool table?
I am final year electrical engineering student and I m placed in accenture, what will be the life there? Upto how much my salary may increase?
Is there any company that provide professional help and advice on startup plans in London?
Why do my cats start licking and then biting each other?
Our marriage was arranged by our parents, but after marriage, our families have become enemies. My husband loves and trust me. Now we are a nuclear family, but my husband is hesitant about talking about me in front of his family. What should I do so that he starts taking my side in front of his family?
I have done my bachelor's in engineering. I am currently working in an IT industry. I want to study and pursue a master's in history and English. What are some good universities for that, especially through distance learning?
Which is a good inpatient drug and alcohol rehab center near New Haven County CT?
What are the environmental impacts of the tourism industry and how does it negatively impacted Dubai?
How do I get my crush to talk to me/approach me, if I've never even talked to him before and I don't know him? Read the details for more info
Every time I chat to my girlfriend over messenger, she says that I sound upset and angry, while I know I'm not. Why would she think so?
How do you type enye on a Mac keyboard and on a Windows keyboard?
How long does it take to download and set up Windows 10?
Where do terrorists get their funding for general living expenses if they are fighting and not 'working'? Can those culprit sources/ accounts be frozen by government agencies?
What is Adsense double click and how to access this if I have approved Adsense account?
What work can a person with physical limitations, a 30 year old (nursing) associate degree, and x19year inactive nursing license do to earn an income?
I smashed the back of my hand and the veins look criss crossed, should I be concerned?
I had one scoop of whey protein (gold standard) and since then it has given me stomach cramps and high fever. What do you recommend?
If god created man and angels but only gave man free will, does that mean that angels, slaves, Satan and his followers fought for their freedom?
What is the evolutionary significance of imperialism and how has it changed modern society?
If I have a universal Schengen visa from France, and haven't been there yet - is it okay if my first travel into Schengen zone is to Italy?
A man sold a bat,whose MP is 30 rupee , at a discount of 15 percent and gave a ball costing 1.50 rupee  free with bat & made profit of 20 percent. His cost of bat is?
What are the challenges for packers and movers company in india?
What are the job opportunities available with Robert Bosch Business and Engineering Solutions, Bangalore currently in the area of big data analytics?
Machine Learning hiring managers: would you hire a self-taught programmer and data scientist for a machine learning role? Why or why not?
In what ways can one apply psychology and neuroscience in business?
If a nuclear war happens between India and Pakistan. Will Russia support India or it will act as a neutral state?
What would a psychiatrist determine about senior citizen candidates Donald Trump and Hillary Clinton; narcissistic, pathological or worse?
What consumes the most energy in the United States and how can that energy consumption be lowered?
Is drinking packed juice is safe and higenic ? i dont think so?
What is the difference between African American and African-American? (emphasis on the hyphen)
How important was recognition and fame to scientists and inventors who are considered geniuses today?
What are the things I should keep in mind while using a laptop and what precautions should I take to make it last longer?
What is the best way and best book for cost accounting and financial management for IPCC?
I am 23. I have been rejected by 8 girls till now, all of whom I liked. I am tired of rejections and feel like a loser all the time. I've damaged my career significantly in the pursuit of girls and I feel terrible. What are some suggestions?
What is the link for How to win a friend and influence people ebook?
Company B is asking Company A's offer letter to review and release a better offer. How authentic is it? Do you recommend sharing it?
From which institute should I learn post production and lightning, sound camera etc for my YouTube channel in Delhi?
What is the difference between 3-D and 4-D? How can I imagine a 4-D cube?
Abnormally high TSH, normal T3 and T4. What does it mean and how can it be controlled?
If I had an unknown abscess (which later healed), pain (which then subsided) and a dead nerve, how would the dentist know to look for a dead nerve?
My startup is an advertising network and is in talks with a Sales Director.  We would like to compensate that person through sales commissions and vested equity but the Sales Director wants shares upfront.  What should we do?
I had a college friend with whom I used to talk normally, but one day I fought with him verbally (I don't know why I did this). I said to a girl \"I like you\" and on another day I said \"I don't like you\". She got angry and my friend got angry. I don't know what is my problem. Have you ever had this experience?
Just watched the movie \"Maze Runner\" and the end kind of confused me a little. Is there going to be a Maze Runner 2?
What is the scope of PLC and automation training as a future career?
What is the most likely death of the Earth? Is it the Milky Way and Andromeda galaxies colliding, or is it the sun dying and expanding?
How do you prepare for an Abercrombie and Fitch group interview?
What are the things (both technical and non-technical) I must know as a freshman before joining Microsoft?
Which is a suitable inpatient drug and alcohol rehab center near Coweta County GA?
How do I get a girlfriend? I'm 15 male and never had one before.
What is the most popular question and what is the most popular answer on Quora?
How can Netflix charge me with just my debit card number , date and CVV? without the pin number/OTP/Verification num.
How do I easily transfer contacts, messages and photos from one Android phone to another?
How can one remove sun tans and lighten the skin back to its original color?
What is cache memory on Android and how to clean it?
Which is a suitable inpatient drug and alcohol rehab center near Johnson County IN?
Recommend road trip from Bangalore to Chennai and what are the interesting places to see on the way?
Should i retire? i am 38, drawing 18 lakh ctc and 2 crores in stocks, is it right time to say good bye?
What's going to happen to holoportation seen that most researchers and senior engineers left Microsoft that worked on holographic technology?
How do I continue playing Clash of Clans and also focus on studies at the same time?
Why are the CEOs of both Microsoft and Google of Indian origin?
Which is the best book for data structure and algorithms in college?
What's the body that governs sports in Finland, and its (email) contact point?
What's your view on the Driscoll boycott and what are you going to so support the underpaid, abused workers?
I have noticed as a heterosexual male that with female friends I give advice to about their dating life they don't seem to reciprocate and help me understand the mystery of women. Is there a thing to this phenomenon (aside from the obvious Darwin)?
What does it mean when a guy stares at you and doesn't look away when you catch him?
What is a Palanca letter and how do you write one?
I am a girl and I masturbate 3-4 times a day and I am 18. Does this make me a slut?
What are some reasons I'd wake up after 4-6 hours of sleep and then fall back asleep for another 2-4 hours?
I wanted to work in India as a data scientist. If I learn an MS and come back after a few experiences, will the salary meet without doing an MS but pursuing data science projects in India?
How does venture capital work? Who does it, and why does someone put money into it?
What are the repercussions of 500 and 1000 rupee notes not being legal tender anymore?
How does AC work? Does it mean the electrons shuffle back and forth along the wire at a frequency of the current flowing?
Is it possible to manage both job and business at the same time?
Is it possible to hire a rabbit from TaskRabbit, pick her up in a taxi from Lyft and take her on a romantic date you found on Sosh and then stay in an Airbnb rental - and still score?
What is the Roman name for Medusa and are there any differences between between the Greek and Roman myths about her?
What is the difference between bottom up and top down dynamic programming method?
Can I install a different OS on Legacy and Wi-Fi mode simultaneously and then loading them as per my requirement?
Is it possible to love and hate a person at the same time?
What's the difference between a two stroke and four stroke motorcycle engine?
Why does India admire Vietnam political system and want to adopt Vietnam political system now?
If you send someone an email with a carbon copy to someone else, and the email bounces back for a bad top address, might the carbon copy go through?
What are some unusual interview questions asked in IIM, IIT, IAS and all the other premier institutes? What are the best answers to these questions?
Why did Hillary cover up here husbands rape and sex abuse and pay to keep people quite?
What do German people think about Angela Merkel and her immigration policies?
How do I develop a sense of self-love and self-confidence, which will allow me to be a more productive and successful individual?
What is the origin of religion and why are people so possessive about it?
How did I fail in an exam despite trying hard and how did my friend pass without even trying?
What is average time to do MS and PhD in Malaysia in field of engineering?
My girlfriend says she's going to break up with me, because she's Christian, and I'm not, and she's not supposed to date me. She says she still loves me, but she says she can't keep going out with me in good conscience. What should I do?
What's the worst that can happen from eating bananas and drinking Sprite in one sitting?
Do Turkish students learn basics of Probability and Statistics in the high schools (12th class)?
A worker who sits next to me in a cubicle makes fart noises and blames me in front of other workers. He makes a fool out of me for no reason. What should I do?
I'm 20 years old and I want to start collecting and tasting whiskey. How do I start?
What was the significance of the battle of Somme, and how did this battle compare and contrast to the Battle of Matapan?
Kapil Sharma hard working for his new upcoming film Firang and the Kapil Sharma Show Sony TV?
Is zero, since it contains in a sense all numbers and their opposites, the largest number possible?
What are the types of business letters, and what are each used for?
How can an idea be right and wrong at the same time?
If we left earth, would Thailand launch the royal family and the white elephants to space?
Is property divided equally between a husband and wife after divorce in the US?
How has the Medici family influenced Italian art, politics, and of course, the banking system?
For the next 24 hours, everyone on Earth will try to find you and murder you. You are given 30 min. headstart. What would you do?
Assume a train travelling in the speed of light and I was running inside the train along the train, is it am travelling faster than light?
How can I raise a cat when I have to go to work and nobody is home in the day?
I have attended F1 Visa Interview at Hyderabad and got rejected. I am applying for the second time now. What can I improve?
What are the strongest majors in terms of job prospects and what are the weakest majors at Norwich University?
What is the difference between an audio of 190 kbps and another audio of 320 kbps?
Do people like Bjarne Stroustrup (Morgan Stanley) and Guido Van Rossum (Google, Dropbox) get interviewed?
What are the most common traffic convictions in Arkansas, and how does the severity of the convictions differ in Texas?
What do 1st division, 2nd division and 3rd division mean in the Indian grading system?
Why do people usually care about beautiful individuals and get close to them, even if they are of the same gender? Does it have evolutionary roots?
What does the word \"despise\" mean? Does it only mean to regard with contempt and disdain, or can it also be used as a synonym for detest?
What is the most easy and trusted way to earn money online?
In how many ways can we arrange letters from a to z, when c and d can have only eight letters between them?
How can we see the Milky Way Galaxy and be inside it at the same time?
If I am speaking to a girl from a different country, and I start to learn a bit of her language is it creepy?
Where is the Baraka River located, and how does it compare to the Colorado River?
Should Clinton drop out and allow Sanders to run against Trump?
If Obama gave me a strong recommendation letter, and I had average grades, could I get into Harvard?
Why doesn't the USA buy Canada and Mexico to make a North American Union?
My friend found out about my feelings for her and rejected me. She said she still wanted to be friends but ignores me. Was she lying?
Do you think republican members of the electoral college will go against tradition and refuse to vote for Trump in December 2016?
Which is a suitable inpatient drug and alcohol rehab center near Rio Grande County CO?
I am not able to concentrate and get distracted easily. What should I do to avoid this?
Why does the BJT Fabrication process less used and more costly than Mosfet?
Does a superfluid dark matter which ripples when Galaxy clusters collide and waves in a double slit experiment relate GR and QM?
Which is a suitable inpatient drug and alcohol rehab center near Pike County GA?
Where can I get very affordable floor sanding and sealing service in Macquarie Park?
What were the major contributions of the political leaders during WW1, and how are the compared to the ones during the Austrian Succession?
Which is dangerous: 1 volt and 230 amps of current or 230 volts and 1 amp of current?
Was Jesus and The Bible a hoax, and therefore ancient Israel, and therefore all of ancient history?
For how long can I be on 'leave without pay' in a government job and on what grounds can I be transferred to my home town?
Wifi problem... My Mtnl wifi router is frustrating me from the last one week. I use it to connect my galaxy ace plus to the internet. The porblem is that router is responding slowly while i surf the internet though i'm getting full speed of 2mbps. I also use my phone's wifi in my college and there the phone works fine and responds quickly. I tried to connect some other phone to connect with my router and the router is giving quick reply to that phone. I'm unable to find where the problem is. I tried to contact mtnl for the same but they are not entertaining me. Please help me out...
What would you do If the whole universe and our lives were simulations in a computer?
I know my neighbour is throwing trash in my garden. Can I film and record my neighbour\u2019s front yard?
How do I make creative decisions and stick to them (projects)?
If I have only week, a full 7 days, to be in England, where should I go and what should I do? This would be a first time trip.
Is it true African-American and Muslims are the most victimized races in the US?
I have two Instagram accounts. I want to switch usernames between them and change one of them. Is this possible?
What is a good inpatient drug and alcohol rehab center in Greene County AR?
Which company should I choose as a fresher between Aricent and Infosys for a software developer position?
Why are communist, socialist, and other liberal forces called left-wing, and autocratic, oligarchical and other conservative forces called right-wing?
If I got rejected from an SE internship three times at Facebook and Google will I be banned from applying again?
How does the Zika Virus affect men and non pregnant women?
Client has 5 DB systems (Sales, Finance etc.) and complains about responsiveness and data quality.How would you fix it to have sth modern? Hadoop?
How do I visualize a floating body of a mosfet, and what does it signify physically?
My son keeps getting into fights at school and bosses his siblings around whenever he's at home. How do I make him stop?
What is best, average, and worst case in case of N Queen Problem?
What are some very unusual, modern, and easy to pronounce Indian baby boy names?
What happens if I stop smoking, driking coffee and eating sugar for a month?
What should I do to become an astronomer and join NASA from India as I am an student of class 9th and love astronomy.?
My husband and I just bought our own house and while we live in it, we can't figure out what changes happened and when. Is there a way to get the original architectural plans of your house and then find out what modifications were made over the years?
If a United States F 22 pilot defects to Japan what would be Japan's reaction and how could the US pilot stay under the radar afterwards?
Does Shia Islam believe that Quran is no longer in its true original form, and that something is missing or has been added?
I added a sodium solution to an iodine solution and it became yellow. Why did this happened?
What is the typical weather of Rome in March and when is the best time to visit?
My mother has GBM Grade 4 (brain cancer) & had surgery 3 weeks ago & was advised to undergo radiation and chemo,is there any alternative treatment available? Tnx
How do I prepare myself for an internship at Google and the Google Summer of Code(GSoC) from the first year at college?
I am unable to play FIFA 13 in my PC. I have dual core 2.3 Ghz, 2 gb RAM and a 2 gb graphics card. How can I install it?
I have planned to develop social network website using Angular2 (FrontEnd), MySQL, Hapi.js and Nodejs. Is it feasible to use these technologies.?
I want to build a social app using React Native, Node and Mongo. Do I need to know React.js/Redux/Flux/HTML/CSS/Jquery?
I always feel terribly dizzy when I stand up, and sometimes even cannot see anything, but get well after a while.What's wrong with me?
I'm in high school and aspire to be in the United Nations. What steps should I take in college and as a young adult to make my dreams come true?
How much time should be spent to visit Gwalior and what are the places not to miss?
What is the best coaching center for the SSC and UPSC preparation in New Delhi?
If this part of the foot (circled in red) is bigger than normal and occasionally painful from walking a lot, what treatment should I undertake?
What is the climate of California's coastal regions, and how does it compare to the climate in Utah?
What are the primary evidences supporting the evolution of man story and why are they considered convincing enough to accept as a scientific theory?
What does 'IMO' mean in a text and when is the best time to use it?
Which is a suitable inpatient drug and alcohol rehab center in Clay County AL?
What are the differences between whipping cream and heavy cream and what are some uses given to them?
What does the law of conservation of matter and energy symbolize in biological chemistry?
We are working on a carpooling mobile social network application. How to forecast the expected number of registered users and their growth per month to include this in our financial projections?
What is your review of University Institute of Engineering and Technology, Panjab University?
I'm 15 and I'm thinking of starving myself, have done it before for about 3-7 days and I lost12 kilos but I'm not sure if I should starve myself again?
Which laptop would be better the one with i5 5200U and AMD R5 M330 2GB or i5 5200U with Nvidia 820M 2GB?
Which is the most brutal and disturbing snuff film ever recorded?
I am from India and am visiting Dubai during DSF. Where can I buy a good, genuine laptop and car audio accessories for the main unit with international warranty? Will there be a price difference compared to India?
Does it make economic sense to make a Game of Thrones series when with the same budget and skills you can make a motion picture like Lord of the Rings?
Guru Nanak Sahib knew more than hundred languages and many subjects. How much do we know?
What are the side effects of riding a car in 5th gear at a low speed (40-50 kmph) and riding high speed with low gear (for eg :50 kmph in 3 rd gear)?
What kind of talk does your friends enjoy and what does you say in your talk? (with elaboration)
I have begun teaching myself a new language. I am afraid that after a month or two, my enthusiasm will fizzle out and I'll start slacking off. How can I keep myself motivated to stick with this endeavor?
Can I charge my phone rated at 5V/1A with 5.1V/2.1A power bank, Does 5.1V and 5V makes difference between two device, Does it damages my phone?
What are Raghuram Rajan's views on demonetization of 500 and 1000 notes by the Modi Government?
Is 175cm/5'9 tall for a 14 years and 5 months old boy? How tall will I be?
Foreign policy is a tricky business. Do you believe you and your compatriots got properly educated to judge your government performance in that area?
What are the strongest majors in terms of job prospects and what are the weakest majors at Ball State?
I put a lock screen password In Samsung galaxy j5 but It was not working and when I tried to change password it is not accepting my password?
What is your reaction when you propose a girl and she says \"I only consider you as a friend\"?
I want to study Computer Science in Poland. I can only fund my studies and my life by working. Which polish city is relatively cheap to live and easy to find work? (assuming there is a university there)
What are the biggest differences between Tibetan Buddhism and the major schools of Han Chinese Buddhism?
I was suddenly logged off Gmail. I can't remember my Gmail password and just realized the recovery email is no longer alive. What can I do?
What are the significant engineering theories and principles behind an I-beam and wide flange beam so that they are shaped and formed like an \"H\"?
How can I keep drinking coffee and prevent my teeth from getting stained?
I'm 17, my weight is 65 kgs and my height is 5'4. My doctor told me that according to my height and age my weight should be 53 kgs. I don't want to join the gym. How can I lose weight in 5 or 6 months?
What are the Positions of sun, moon and earth in lunar eclipse and no moon?
Is this website (h1bullet dot come) reliable to file H1B visa? Should I pay them and try this way because my company didn't raise H1B this year?
Insomnia: How long do insomniacs stay awake, and how long do they sleep once they do?
Is it true that chanting mantra without moving lips and tongue gives more effect? Is it called Upanshu?
Is there any way to easily and correctly identify adulteration in milk?
Why don't Muslims in India move to Pakistan or Bangladesh and enjoy Islamic sharia there, if they don\u2019t want a secular uniform civil code in India?
What could plausibly happen to make the current Internet, and everything we've created and hosted on it, disappear irredeemably, as the library of Alexandria did in a fire?
I work from home online so I have no social interactions with people, I am also socially awkward and a misantrope but I'm lonely. What do I do to have more social interactions?
What are the easier and more scoring chapters in chemistry and physics for AIPMT?
Was there any joint military operation of Russian and US troops, involving boots on the ground and live fire?
Why am I always sleepy and how can I avoid it?
How much time is there between the releases of trailer #1 and trailer #2 for an upcoming movie?
How can we get the American Democratic and Republican parties to see eye-to-eye with each other?
Why do I usually feel dizzy and an urge to throw up after a leg training?
I have composed a song and an artist from LA who is average famous and rich wants to buy my song. How much should I sell my music production?
I told this girl that I like her and she said yes to going out on a date with me. Not too long ago and we were texting just now and she kept texting back real fast, but when I told her at my new job I got past her on my way there its been 20-25 minutes and she hasn't text back. Should I be worried?
I want to buy a low segment car for commercial purpose (Uber/ Ola) and want to use it as a personal car after couple of years, which car I should buy?
What towns are located near the Kilauea, and how does this volcano's activity compare to the volcanoes in Peru?
I am 20-year-old male, my height is 6 feet, and my weight is 48kg. How can I increase my weight?
I want to read a book by hearing and not by reading? How do I proceed?
Why is it that men in some cultures refuse to believe they are sterile and automatically blame their wives and partners for lack of progeny, claiming they are the infertile ones?
What are the most interesting products and innovations that Triangle Petroleum is coming out with in 2016?
Is NCERT sufficient for the JEE Advanced and BITSAT in inorganic chemistry? What other books should I study?
What's the difference between Eastern Orthodox Christianity and Catholicism and different branches of Protestant Christianity (i.e. Evangelical Christian)?
How can I improve myself and figure out what should I do with my life?
What is the difference between molecular mass and molar mass? What are their similarities?
Why does The Simpsons make so much fun of the Fox network and not other networks when it is owned by it?
How can I sleep only 5 hours and be well rested?
How do I recover the partition and the data from my hard disk?
Can someone with low tolerance get a buzz off of touching weed and then putting their hands in their mouth?
What is the best way to improve my English while working? Should I listen to podcast and what kind of podcast should I listen to if I am at B1 level?
What is the difference between: term loan and working capital loan?
How do you explain the difference between low culture and high culture to a person who is not culturally-savvy?
If someone fell on the floor, hit their head, bled and fell unconscious and immediate actions were taken, how long would it take for them to recover?
Who are the scientific experts in explaining, improving and measuring the skills children get from education?
Why are today's young generations so selfish, lazy, ungrateful and taking their parents for garanted?
I have only 65000 Rs in my account at the age of 29 and I am jobless. Even if I get a job in future, can I financially afford marriage and children?
Whether a Law graduate with PhD in science and having PG Diploma in IPR is required to write a Patent Agent Exam in India?
What is the new launching system that revolves around the Earth and then propelled to the moon or Mars?
How tall will I be if I'm 5'8 and 12 1/2? I'm pretty healthy and active.
If the US asked if Canada wanted to merge and make one big US, would they do it?
Which is a good inpatient drug and alcohol rehab center near Washington County AR?
What can you use to write and take notes on a Windows PC?
I haven't received my first semester marksheet yet from the Mumbai university, and I want to apply for LSE summer school, how do I go about with it?
What does this symbol over a FB messenger profile picture mean? It's red and white with a red vertical line at the top?
How destructive would a single M1A2 Abrams be if it was thrust back in time and given to the Union during the American Civil War?
What are the most interesting products and innovations that Liquidity Service is coming out with in 2016?
How many times has Donald Trump gone bankrupt and did he use loopholes to build his business(es) back up?
How many pairs of shoes and boots do you buy every year and what is the average that you spend?
I added a stunning girl on Facebook (going to my uni with mutual friends) and she accepted but I haven't met her. How do I start a convo with her?
The sound quality of The Man in the High Castle seems to make the dialogue muffled and hard to understand. Is Anyone else having this problem?
What is the difference between technical consultant and technical support engineers?
According to newton's third law of motion every action has an equal and opposite reaction but why don't they cancel out each other?
Article 370 has failed and should be removed, What are your views?
What happens if I am sued and I can't afford an attorney to defend myself?
What would happen if I bought an island off the coast of the United States and (without warning) declared independence?
How are the rooms at IIT Kharagpur and IIT Madras? Which IITs have the best hostel and campus?
What is the difference between hot and cold rolled stainless steel?
What do you think about Holberton School and does it accept international students?
Who is the current law minister, and who will be the next law minister of India?
Is there a difference between depression and anxiety? If so, what is the difference?
What is a good site I can share and get feed back for short stories on?
I like someone who is 13 years older than me. He's 33 years old and likes me too. So what should I do?
Does darkness have a speed or a force and can we consider it like other types of natural forces?
Is accepting someone's proposal and loving them the same? For example, I loved a girl and I proposed to her. She said yes. Does that mean she loves me?
How can I become fit and look good without going to gym?
What, and how, should be my study strategy if I'm preparing for Maharashtra state board 12th boards, with exactly one month left, and I want to review the whole portion again in detail? Can I score around 85 percent? How much efforts should I put in?
Why is the US in, and always has been in, war?
What are the environmental impacts of the tourism industry and how does it negatively impacted Barcelona?
What happens between the id, ego and super-ego leading to someone deciding to end it?
On take off \u2026 The first officer says 'positive rate' and then waits for the captains command to pull up the landing gear. Why does he ask?
I want to buy land and build a plaza. How do I do this?
Edward Snowden Leaks & NSA Surveillance & Privacy Scandals (2013): If a government action is unconstitutional and citizens have a no way of challenging the constitutionality in court due to the government deeming it's actions were a secret, then isn't the government deciding what is constitutional?
What can an individual or a family or a business in Sweden do today to prepare and adapt for the coming impacts of climate change?
Aside from price, what are the positives and negatives of IKEA products?
Are there standard proofreading and copy-editing symbols and conventions for Mandarin Chinese?
How do I design a user interface and experience targeted for people of a specific country?
Are Windows-based smartphones better and easier to use for people with weak eyesight?
What are some side dish ideas and their recipes to serve with stuffed peppers?
How do I digitally repair and restore old photos in Photoshop?
What's object oriented programming really and what makes it different from procedure oriented programming (C)?
How can you relate the Mahabharat and Bhagvad Geeta to your life?
Why can't straight people wear rainbows anymore, and why do people assume the LGBT community absolutely loves rainbows?
How can I get a proof of address when I live with my parent and don't pay any bills? I am 19.?
Why does The Veep (TV Series) shoot on location in Washington D.C. and Maryland rather than in Hollywood studio stages?
What natural oils can I use on my skin and scalp so I don't itch?
Why do countries like India and China not take part in the war against ISIS?
Why did relations between the US and the Soviet Union deteriorate after World War II?
How can I get involved with the She Speaks Media? I sent an e-mail and filled out the form but didn't get a response. Is there anything else I can do?
Brokers: If you and a seller come to an agreement to sell a house and he emails acceptance, then a third buyer contacts him directly can he accept?
I want to become an airline pilot. I am in 12th and preparing for the IIT entrance exam. What are the steps?
Is there any difference in school based and board based exam for 10th?
What are the differences in the definition of businessman and entrepreneur? Is every businessman an entrepreneur?
Why is it that a substance with melting point below room temperature and boilng point above room temperature called a liquid?
What are the reasons behind Saudi Arabia's air strikes on Yemen apart from Houthis and Iran increasing influence? Moreover, what are its implications in the region and in Pakistan specifically?
Can Adobe Illustrator images be linked and embedded in MS Word?
Why is it so that a very few officers make it to ranks above colonel and equivalents in Indian Military Services? And those who do are mainly from NDA?
I\u2019m curious to hear how others within big corp brands distinguish between the act of \u2018design' and \u2018innovation\u2019. Are they different, the same, how so?
I'm jealous when my best friend is having fun with other friends.That makes me angry with her and sometimes I don't talk to her because of it. As a girl, how can I stop being so jealous?
Why can women wear satin panties and underwear but men cannot?
What is the percentage of domestic black money in the Indian black money and how much will Indians benefit after banning of 500 and 1000 rupees notes?
What is the song with the woman in a mermaid suit with a fish head and a man dances with her in scuba gear, its a reletively new dance song?
My girlfriend loves me and another guy, what should I do?
I see roads on the Pok\u00e9mon GO map that glow faintly and are lighter, almost white. What is that?
What was the production of artwork intended for in Hawaii and how is it compared to the one intended for in Kansas?
How would you describe the dialect and accent of the languages which you can speak?
Is caste certificate of one state and domicile of another state is valid for government exams?
Where can I get playstation 4 and its games on rent?
What are the strongest majors in terms of job prospects and what are the weakest majors at Texas A&M - Commerce?
What are the major differences between job duties and daily life as a 37f (enlisted PSYOPS) and 37a (Officer) in the army reserves or AD?
Who will win the war between India and Pakistan if we go all round indigenous?
What is the typical range for VIP helicopters and how are they ferried across long distances?
Which is the best way and language to start programming with?
After 10 th 4 years gap then completed diploma and BE in Computer Science can I get a job?
Which are the best books and video tutorials for adaptive control systems?
How do I go about finding distributors for my new Bollywood film and how much will I be spending on the same?
What are the social relations between flight and navel crew on aircraft carriers?
How safe is Papua New Guinea, and how does it's crime rate compare to Amernia's?
As a 21 year old who used to be very insecure, and not achieve nor develop anything. How do I make the most out of life this time?
Is it bad that I do not want to make a man leave his family because they have children, and I would rather them grow up with a father, as my dad left when I was young to be with another woman and we never had a relationship since then?
How is the scrapping of 500 and 1000 rupees note affect Swiss account holders?
I want to quit my railways job and want to start a business can I have some advice?
What is reinsurance? How is it useful, and what are the limits?
Why don't people realize that you can make your own games and experiences for the Oculus Rift?
How many workers died during the first Industrial Revolution in Great Britain, Germany and France due to unsafe working conditions, poverty-related diseases and police repression of protest movements?
I'm 14 and I was hanging out with a guy way older than me, we started doing things and I think I'm pregnant. What do I do without my parents knowing.
How many colleges did you explore or visit before applying and what did you look for in these colleges?
Which is a suitable inpatient drug and alcohol rehab center near Franklin County GA?
How does one calculate the height and radius of a cylinder if only the surface area and volume are known?
What are the books to refer for Maintenance engineering section as well as reliability and failure engineering part as well for ESE ME 2017?
I can see the profile picture updates and the last seen of a person that I blocked. How is this possible?
I am preparing for GRE and I have qualified for SSC CGL Tier-1 exam. I have hardly a week gap betwen GRE and Tier-2. How should I start with my preparation so that I can score well in both?
Where can I hire highly professional and reputable experts in Sydney for asbestos removal?
I have taken general maths in SSC and I want to get a diploma for software engineering, and I have not gotten any percentage in SSC and three results. Could I get admission for a diploma?
How do I smoke in the house and leave no smell?
How does bitcoin work, and how can I get money from it?
What is a suitable inpatient drug and alcohol rehab center in Washington County CO?
What are some life hacks that I can learn in 1minute and will help me throughout my life?
I applied for an educational loan in Credila. They rejected my loan application after 10 days without citing any proper reason. Initially they told me that they need 5 days to give a reason. It has been 2 weeks already and they are not answering my calls or replying to my mail. What do I do now? Is there any way I can get the reasons why my loan was rejected?
There is a seminar on \u2018folk literature\u2019 and \u2018fairytales and representation of characters in fairy tales\u2019. can anyone suggest some topics or themes?
What is cosmic background radiation and what is so exciting about it?
In the AAI JE (electronics) exam, are there more numerical or conceptual theory questions asked and what type of general studies questions are asked?
If you have a six digit combination and the only numbers in it are 9 and 0 how many combos can you make?
What's the difference between the financial sponsors group and the leveraged finance group in investment banking?
Who are the best recruiters and recruiting agencies in Beijing, China?
What are some of the best Virat Kohli and Anushka Sharma memes/jokes?
How would Abraham Lincoln talk and sound if he was alive today?
With over 300,000 Chinese students studying overseas in America and Europe every year, what kind of influences do they have on these schools and the local students?
Can we prepare for the JEE Main in the last 4 months and get 180 or more? I have studied well but low on confidence
Why do some emails say Quora Digest, and the rest just Quora?
Composting: How can plants whose leaves are cleared around it and receive not manure, continue to grow?
What is your review of Introduction to Computation and Programming Using Python, revised and expanded edition (2013 book)?
Someone who I have only spoken to a few times came up to me in the library today and told me I am getting fatter? How should I feel?
Is there any website or blog to teach Microsoft Excel and access for basic understanding?
Why do people leave and move out of their parents' house?
A helicopter sets off from its base on a bearing of 090 for 30km. It then changes direction and flies for 50 km on a bearing of 200. On what bearing and how far should the helicopter fly to return to its base?
Which college is best for CSE in terms of faculty and students life: USIT, Manipal Jaipur or Jaypee Noida?
Where does DNA polymerase gets energy to take triphosphate and join to sugar phosphate chain during DNA replication?
Can I share Facebook comments of a page and a post linking to that page?
I'm trying to cut her off, but recently she has been acting sweet, wanting to talk to me and complimenting me. Telling me she misses me. Idk what's up
Will Donald Trump really ban Muslims, deport illegal immigrants, and build a wall? Or is he doing it to bring excitement to his supporters?
What is the best way to earn some money and Studying simultaneously?
Why don't India accept it's mistake of 1962 and become a friend of China to develop faster?
Is there any android application which you could link your bank account to, and see in real time how much money you have on your account, and see also your transactions?
My mom treats me like shit. I try talking to her but she just doesn't listen and walks away. What should I do? I feel a lot depressed.
Movies: In The Lord of the Rings: The Two Towers, answering Frodo's question regarding who he was, Gollum answered, \"Cold be heart and hand and bone. Cold be travellers far from home. They do not see what lies ahead, when sun has failed and moon is dead.\" What does this mean?
How can I finish human anatomy, physiology and biochemistry daily lessons each day without forgetting what I learnt?
When does love make you weak and when does it make you strong?
My bf gets mad at me alot. But then apologizes and says I love you by writing me paras. How do I reply him in a paragraph? help
How do I create and sell my own line of planners?
English: What are the differences between American-English and British-English according to pronounciation?
What are the best job fairs near Bronx? When and where are they held? What were your experiences at them?
What is the difference between a democrat and a republican (as far as political beliefs go)?
How would the bilateral relationship between India and the USA be under Hillary Clinton's presidency?
What is the difference between TRIAC and thyristor? How do they work?
How does companies like Campusexplorer and Unigo make money? How did they raised millions?
I feel like Arvind Kejriwal is being blackmailed by a team of Modi fans and is being forced to update shit online. Can this be true?
How can I prepare myself for FTRE (FiitJEE Talent Reward Exam) and ResoStart so as to get 100 percent scholarship?
How do I enable the intermediate nodes between sender and receiver so that remaining nodes differ from the participated nodes in transmission?
How Much Will It Cost to Take up Cca Spark and Hadoop developer Certification?
I have 2 UAN numbers. How can I activate and check the previous PF balance with that UAN?
D. To be able to gQuestions .Can anyone answer me in a brief and concise manner for these brief status Quo?
What are some sites where I can earn free amazon and Flipkart shopping vouchers?
What is the difference between  dollar query->row() and  dollar query->resulty in codeigniter?
Somebody tried to login into my SBI account and due to 3 attempts it got locked. As a security measure, I locked internet access to my account. Now, I went to SBI to unlock it and they gave me a kit with a new password, but that doesn't work. What should I do?
When light bounces off an electron in the Compton effect and loses energy (giving it to the electron) wouldn't that slow it down?
What is the most blatantly cruel/despicable and inhuman thing that you have seen or done or know of?
Why were dragons fond of Brown Ben Plumm and who was Viserys Plumm?
Why do homes cost between 15 and 30 yrs to pay off?
What happens in our brain and body when we fall in love?
What do you think: will the US and Russia go to war?
If you could ask the universe one question, and get a complete answer, what would your question be?
Has any one experienced Kundalini activation and extreme Neurological and biological changes? I need help. Pls share experience. dnt post blogs data
To what extend does the complexity of the environment and the distruptive nature of humankind justify the role of system approach?
What is the academic pressure and workload at Luther College like?
How many numbers between 1 and 300 are divisible by 155?
How do I obtain the resistance and inductance of a 12V BLDC motor?
What is the name of this anime and what is it about?
What does Igor Markov think of growth and the future of the Indian economy?
How good is Amity University Noida for B.Tech in CSE and what about its other campuses?
If we consider time as a reaction, can we find an opposite and equal action as Newton's 3rd law?
Why do people outgrow Pok\u00e9mon Ranger and the Temple of the Sea?
My girlfriend broke up with me and I still love her. What should I do?
How is wind energy classified, and how does it differ from electric energy?
Which is a suitable inpatient drug and alcohol rehab center in Park County CO?
What are some effective PR tactics (excluding press releases and social media) for a startup focused exclusively on online hotel bookings for the Middle East region?
I'm a high schooler wanting to write a research paper and hopefully get it published. What are some topics/tips to get it in an academic journal?
What are Gilt funds? What is the best way to use a Gilt fund and how long does one ideally stay invested in these?
What are the strongest majors in terms of job prospects and what are the weakest majors at Regis University?
What are the pros and cons of Ubuntu and Windows (general comparison)?
Is there a cure for cancer and the government and companies are hiding it from the public?
Which is a suitable inpatient drug and alcohol rehab center near Meriwether County GA?
I\u2019m stressed, I\u2019m sleeping too much, and eat too many sweets. How can I stop this?
What is the solution if I forgot my iCloud password and don't even have a password of the email I use with it?
What are the entire details, work nature and working environment of Robert Bosch?
What are the Economic structure, indicators and risk, involved in opening of Disneyland in India and what are the other problems involved with it?
What are the best books of toys and games and its implication in child development and psychology?
What does the term Ivy League School connote, and how does Harvard's academic program compare to Princeton's?
Why do computer monitors use a system of red, blue, and green instead of yellow phosphors?
I have registered for aadhar 4 days back and I have an EID. Can I apply for JEE Main?
I sometimes feel invisible in front of others. I'm very talkative and have lots of good conversations although I am not the one they go to first. What can I do to change that? I'm a very nice person and everyone accepts me, but I can never get a bond with someone. Should I become more of a mean person?
Has anyone been selected for WAAP or TIFR and if so, what was it like and how do you write the motivation letter?
Science: Why do most people have more control of their right hand and leg but less control of their right eye lid (like when we wink)?
What is the function of preset and clear in JK flip flop?
I will finish my A-levels in physics, maths, chemistry and computer science next year. What careers can I choose from?
Say you went to elementary in the early 2000's but now live in another state and wish to contact an old friend. How could I contact them?
Is there any interaction between an object and a surface that has a bigger kinetic coefficient of friction than its static one?
Why don't they let women drink water during labor and ask them to chew on ice chips instead?
What were the major contributions of the political leaders during WW1, and how are the compared to the ones during the Second World War?
Say you have inbound leads that give you their contact information through a website but then immediately go cold and do not respond. How does a sales professional handle that?
Did Carl Jung take the concepts of Nietzsche and use them for his shadow theory?
My brother is in depression because of a girl who cheated on him. She still calls him and makes him sad. What can be done to help him ?
How can I stop my hands and feet from sweating, or at least reduce it?
If we could abandon the current legacy government systems and start over with existing technology, how would your system work?
Why are many Turks very against to Gulenists and consider Gulen Movement as a danger to the State?
What is the difference between 'consolidation accounting' and the 'equity method' of accounting?
My birth date is 23\u201303-1994 , time 14:13, PLACE NEW DELHI. How will be my career and financial condition according to astrology?
Is Intel HD Graphics 5500 and 4 GB of RAM sufficient for games?
Where can I find a critical and unbiased analysis of the Obama adminstration?
If I come to US on visit visa and I marry a green card holder, can I stay with my spouse and work in the US?
What was the production of artwork intended for in Hawaii and how is it compared to the one intended for in Mississippi?
Why do scientists extract DNA and what do they do with it?
I'm not prone to accidents. I want the minimum insurance required in my state and want to find the absolute minimum rate there is for someone that fits my profile. Which website can I find it on?
What are the similarities and differences between a model and a prototype?
How can I test my real intelligence and do a reality check on myself before aiming too high in life?
What is the best height and weight for FIFA 17 Player Career Mode?
I have been plucking hair from happy trail with my index and thumb fingers. Is it safe to do so?
How is psychology used to manipulate and influence people in their daily lives?
Sometimes my failure makes me feel angry and I get frustrated. What should I do?
What is the difference between calico and tortoiseshell cats? What are some examples?
Why is the up quark lighter than the down quark but the top and charm quarks are heavier than their negatively charged counterparts?
Which is the best book for covering the portion related to ancient and medieval history (G.S. prelims as well as mains) while preparing for UPSC?
How can I have sex without worrying about my partner getting pregnant and also without the use of contraceptive?
A clerk at a butcher shop stands five feet ten inches tall and wears size 13 sneakers. What does he weigh?
What is the best documentation tool you can use for both web and desktop software documentation?
What should I do if someone copy and upload my video on youtube?
Will applications like Empathy and imo stop working if I upgrade to the new Google Hangouts?
Are both Brahma and Saraswati & Abraham and Sarah the same?
Why do girls are attracted towards their seniors and not towards boys of their age?
I am in a relationship with my manager who is married and has a baby. He loves me but he is not willing to leave his wife because of his baby. I am very much attached to him and love him. Should I continue with this? What would he feel if I broke up with him?
What gaming console to buy in 25k and also a good monitor with it?
Four of the following five are alike in a certain way and so form a group. Which is the one that does not belong Tin copper Brass silver Gold?
What is the difference between the GRE and the GMAT? Which one is the hardest, and which one is the best?
what is one thing you did and you wish you had not done?
What is the difference between politics and political science with specialization in international relation?
I'm working on my startup (launching in Feb 2015) but I'm also working at a corporate day job. I'd like to tell everyone about it and market the company as the founder. However, I'm not ready to quit my day job yet until there's solid traction. Is it okay for me to disclose this without getting fired?
What is the difference between assumption and predictions in project management?
How does Colorado University Boulder compare with other universities like USC, UCI, UCSB, and UCSD for a master's in computer science (especially machine learning)?
What is it like to love someone and not get married to them?
I ordered items from Amazon but the address was wrong and the item is on the way to carrier. Can I cancel or refund the order?
Why are chocolates of famous international brands like Ferrero Rocher, Nestle and Cadburys found contaminated with worms and pieces of dirt in third world countries, whereas their products are fine in developed countries?
What are some strong markets right now and that will stay strong for some time?
Is Finder the worst part of your Apple OS X experience, and why? Is there a replacement?
Why is the moment of resistance of under reinforced section lesser than that of balanced section and MR of over reinforced more than that of balanced?
Can someone who works for the government hack my iPhone and gain full access to all my personal data just by knowing my email address?
What are typical Dutch facial features, and how do they compare to Japanese facial features?
Which is a good inpatient drug and alcohol rehab center in Macon County IL?
What is the difference between GSM and CDMA sim slots in my phone?
Is there any difference in quality and reliability among Mercedes-Benz cars built for the US, German and Japanese markets?
Is #10 Downing Street as secure and well fortified as the White House?
What are the most interesting products and innovations that Marvell Technology is coming out with in 2016?
What is the best way to utilize my time now that I have been placed and have about 4-5 months before I start my job? I am an undergraduate student in Computer Science Engineering at one of the IITs.
How do mountain ranges form, and what are some of the major mountain ranges in Oklahoma?
If a Bollywood movie were made on the life and career of Sachin Tendulkar, what would be its opening scene?
If either Trump or Clinton won the popular vote and lost the electoral vote would there be chaos and challenges to the voting process?
If the Paytm QR Code belongs to Paytm, can I scan it and make a payment through any other e-wallet (SBI Buddy, ICICI Pockets, etc)?
What are the advantages and disadvantages of mobile phones for children?
If I start taking melatonin will I be able to wake up to an alarm, and what is the recommended amount for a 17 year old to take?
How do LSD, marijuana, shrooms, and other hallucinogens affect reaction time?
What religion was Kurt Cobain? He was born a christian, and I've heard he was an atheist. What was he?
In Flatiron's graduate report it says their average full time salary is  dollar 74,000, and Hack Reactor claims theirs is  dollar 105,000. Is this only because salaries are lower in New York than San Francisco?
What are the tips and tricks of lenovo k3 note phone?
What is the difference between working stress method and limit state method in the design of beams, slabs, columns, and footing with examples that are easy to understand?
Which is the best shares to purchase and sale daily trading?
Has the influence of Asian Indians in science and math been underestimated?
What are best ways to download movies and TV shows in India, without being caught by the police?
What are the things that make us create and come up with new things, perspectives, and ideas?
I reincarnated but I reincarnated too late and hate how different the world is now and not for the better. Is it okay to live my life how I remember?
With references of plate tectonics, explain the origin and growth of young fold mountains?
I am an Indian citizen thinking of buying a small apartment in a European country. The total investment would be between 30,000 and 60,000 Euro depending on the size. What are the taxes I will need to pay in India if I put the flat up for rent and if I do not put it up for rent?
Should there be mandatory paternity tests at birth to prevent men from denying paternity and to prevent women from intentionally naming the wrong men as the fathers of their children/lying about the paternities of their children?
What are some real-life examples of startups, small and medium businesses, and large corporate that are initially co-founded by siblings in the world?
What is job like during training as Executive Trainee in NTPC and what kind of postings to expect during training?
Is there any city in India that has separate bicycle lanes, compulsory lane-driving and tickets on violation of these as well as jay-walking?
I got 81 percent in CBSE board and I'm expecting around 200 marks in JEE mains b.arch in 2016 and my category is sc.  Is there any chance of getting nit?
I have fallen for Bengali girl and I am Gulte guy. How can I convince their parents.?
How do I get my Facebook account back if I've changed phone numbers and they still send the code to the other number?
What is a contortionist and how are they able to stretch so much?
A can finish a work in 18 days and B can do the same work in 15 days. B worked for 10 days and left the job. In how many days A alone can finish the remaining work?
What steps to I need to take if I want the struts and shocks in my car to last as long as possible?
I had a dream about how I met my ex boyfriend and then what would have happened if we had never been together. What does this mean?
How do you calculate price elasticity with time series, when prices (inflation) and volumes rise in time (and they aren't Veblen goods)?
Should I change my signature after marriage? As my surname is changed and my old signature includes my maiden surname.
In California, must I repay an employer if they overpaid me and I am no longer with the company?
Will my lover come back and how my love life be?
Which laptop has better specs: 8GB RAM and 128GB SSD vs 4GB RAM and 500GB HDD?
I have a rectangular grid of 6*6 size. I can move only left right top and bottom. How can I find the shortest path?
What is the residential standard wiring system in Japan and Norway? Is it Split-phase, three-phase or single-phase? And how many wires?
Do transgender people ever reverse their transition and go back to the gender they were assigned at birth? If so, then why?
I have no job and I feel ashamed to face my friends who have a job and I even don't attend their calls. What should I do?
What is the difference between an engineer and a doctor (not technically)?
What could I do if police harassing me and trying to fix me in a case ?
Why does my best friend have weird eyebrows? On the right side her eyebrows and eyelashes are white but the left side is black.
Which are the best animated and best explained chemistry, physics, math and computer science videos for class 11?
I am studying BE (engineering) in electronics and communications. I am in 2nd year. But I am very much interested in physics and I want to do research in physics. What should I do to achieve my aim?
How long do users appear on the grid in Grindr and Scruff? How long is a user green for and how long is a user amber for before they are no longer visible on the grid?
What happens when you don't cancel a plane ticket and don't show up? Do you still have to pay cancellation costs?
What would an ISTJ female and ENFP male relationship be like?
Rationally speaking, can we drop antidepressants and cure ourselves from panic syndrome and agoraphobia, and what to do?
With the success of Super 8, what are the most intriguing and nostalgic films of the last 4 decades that feature children and a coming of age story?
How to disable a Save as and Save on a PDF file?
Why do girls say that they want to meet up and that they'll text when they're free, but they never do?
Why is Milton's epic poem called \u201cParadise Lost\u201d and not \u201cLost Paradise\u201d?
What are the similarities and differences between inductive and deductive reasoning?
I am married, and I want to travel solo but my husband is too protective and won't let me. What should I do?
Where can I get a legal wholesale provider of Apple iPhone 7 and get worldwide to accept the payment list by WU?
I used to put my photos in the photo vault of AppLock but I decided to reset my phone. The factory reset wiped data + cache and Dalvik cache. After that, I restored all my apps, including AppLock, but my photos in the vault were gone. How do I recover them?
I'm a newly married guy from India. I'm finding it difficult to balance out between my wife and mom who gets into frequent clashes. What should I do?
How can I learn to program/code in C++. I have been looking for books and videos but they are all expensive. I am looking for something free?
Why is torque a cross product and power a dot product? What causes the difference?
Do I have to be licensed to guide tourists around New York and get paid or can I do it without any special license?
Is there any scope after doing MBA in India? Is doing MBA and getting a job better than bank manager as a career option?
Why is a 'tag' (e.g. the stereotypical shape used in scrapbooking and multi-media crafts) the shape that it is?
How should I react if my mom tells me that I am not a lady and if my mom gets angry when someone gives me a compliment?
I made a mistake in passport filing. I am a final year student of engineering. I selected educational qualifications as graduate and above. I selected no for non-ECR. Can I correct my passport at Seva Kendra?
A and B can complete a job in 30 and 20 days respectively. They start working together and B leaves 5 days before the work is finished. In how many days is the total work finished?
In a residential building with 12 peripheral columns and 4 inner columns, why do the inner columns take on a greater load?
What is a consecutive calendar day and how is it related with the Roman Republican calendar?
I want to visit Thailand to know their agriculture technology and black pepper growing tech. Whom to meet in Govt. and Agri University?
Kevin Dutton said that there is a psychopath spectrum and everyone has few traits. Is this spectrum comprised of only psychopaths? How is it a spectrum?
Do you think all atheists will go to hell (or deserve eternal punishment and suffering) just because we don't believe in the existence of a superior being?
Water is made from hydrogen and oxygen, why doesn't it burn?
During electrolysis of brine hwzt so that sodium and hydroxide can easily react?
It happens once in a minute, twice in a week and once in a year. What is it?
If a couple visits a 5-star restaurant in the U.S. and finds the food too salty, sweet, etc. and makes a complaint, what does the staff do as a compensation?
What was it like to be with Kendall and Kylie Jenner in school?
Why are most dogs so hellbent on, and obsessed with, playing fetch, never getting tired of the game?
If you were an interviewer and could ask Donald Trump one question and he had to answer, what would that question be?
Why is there a influx of Christian Ukrainian women and Russian women marrying Arab Muslims and converting to Islam?
I'm a 19 year old Indian guy. I'm above average in looks and I have a good personality and speaking skills. I am a decent natured guy, yet single and I don't know how to approach a girl. How can I start a good conversation?
I am currently a junior in college with a 2.85 gpa. I get rejected by every summer program I apply to because of my low gpa. It's making me feel worthless and I just cannot stop crying. I have no idea what to do with my life at this point. I feel like a failure.
I wanted to buy a property to be used as a residence and dental clinic in Kolkata.What are the best ways to finance it?
I am not a university student but I would like to go to France and take French Language courses. What is the best way to do this?
I am final year Engineering student and I want to prepare for IBPS PO 2016. How do I start preparation?
How does WhatsApp find users of the same application on your address book and display them to you on the contacts section?
What is the difference between oral polio vaccine and inactivated polio vaccine (IPV)?
How do I create a payment utility similar to PayPal to be used and integrated into eCommerce sites?
What is the difference between sending \"Thanks\" and agreeing with/upvoting an answer on Quora?
Have you noticed an increase in hate crimes and harassment of minorities in your community since the election came to a close?
What are the problems faced by people from Telangana region and why are they demanding a separate state?
What whould be options to minimize traffic jam on concentrated schools colleges, boarding houses and general residentail populated area? Road length2km
Sunlight radiation are made with electric and magnetic field or photon? Show with diagrame?
What is a Cost of labrador retriver puppy in Delhi and where to get good breed puppy in Delhi? Mention price also
What is the full form of e_g and t_2g in crystal field theory?
Did Cartoon Network cancel Adventure Time? If so, why was it canceled and when will its final episode air in the US?
What are some differences between 5.56x45mm and 7.62x51mm ammunition from a practical, real world perspective?
If your parents told you straight-forwardly about the birds and the bees (\"the talk\" about sex) when you were a child, what was your reaction to it?
What is cryptocurrency and how can one benefit from investing in it?
Why do Salman Khan fans and Shahrukh Khan fans always fight?
What are the best comedy films that I should watch and that were released in 2014 and 2015?
By getting a B.Tech degree from AMIE, What are the courses and competitive exams are we eligible for?
What is the best site to post my business blog and integrate with all traders worldwide?
Out of gold, platinum, and diamond, which one should I purchase, and why?
What if I transfer my banking account to different branch then do I need to remove and add again the existing payee or it is not needed?
I got 56 in JEE Main and 95 percent in the ISC. I have taken admission in KIIT, Bhubaneswar and I want to give JEE next year. Is it possible for me to get IIT next year?
My wife is insisting upon going to a male gynecologist, and I am very much against it. Does any other husband feel the same about his wife?
Which will offer me a better campus life and salary package: an M.Tech from IIT Bombay in CS or an MBA from IIM A/B/C?
Why do so many restaurants on Grubhub and Seamless  raise order minimums over time?
What is the difference between \"By contrast, ...\" and \"In contrast to...\" (if any)?
What is the main difference between depression and being heartbroken? Are they almost similar?
If we evacuate earth, will Thailand evacuate people and elephants due to cultural value, if they have the technology?
What are the things or places on earth that look beautiful and cozy but are very dangerous in reality?
How can I find time for myself and self-improvement with many distractions in the way?
How do you design this beam and show the reinforcement details?
What's the difference between \"I don't believe in God\" and \"I believe there isn't a God\"?
Can I use any other ink (except blue and black) to highlight points in english in boards?
What is the difference in study schemes of BS(CS) and BS(SE)? Which one's better in Pakistan?
Do you also feel awful when one of your most stupid, funny answers which came out of nowhere and doesn't even prove to be productive, gets 200+ upvotes whereas those on which you've given time, hard work, love and excitement doesn't get more than 5 upvotes?
What is the difference between infatuation and love? How to get to know if you're in love?
How are the roles of the Chinese premier and Chinese president different?
What would be the difference between the English language now and the the English language 500 years in the future?
I want to break down everything this society has taught me, and rebuild myself. What would be the best steps to achieve that?
What is the summary of the provisions relating to loans given to and taken from shareholders and directors under the Companies Act, 2013?
Do animals fight wars and if so what was the largest war?
What was the ibps SO IT officer cut off of CWE III and CWE IV for general category?
What is it like to visit the Disneyland parks in the US and how does it differ from the ones in Japan?
If Putin and Hillary were flailing in the water and you had one life vest, who would you toss it to?
Why is my dog panting and drooling all of a sudden?
Can I be a geneticist with a minor in biology and major in computer science?
What is the meaning of life, according to Buddha? What did he discover and how did he attain bliss? What is the truth of life?
If I have an exstensive knowledge of computer science and I am 16, where can I find a high paying job over the summer?
What are the differences and similarities between Gary Johnson and Bernie Sanders?
We are suddenly finding a whole lot of ticks on our dogs. We have given them flea and tick medicine recommended by our vet their entire lives. I'm worried that they will get sick. Any advice?
How the first eye on a creature evolved and why we are capable to see lights of limited wavelengths (400-700nm) only?
Cockroaches are said to be very resilient creatures who have existed for a very long time and can even withstand severe radiation. What attributes make them so durable?
What is digital marketing and how to set career in digital marketing?
How do I get data from servlets and display it in JSP?
How can I reduce my lag and packet loss in Australia?
Highlight the specific influences of Plato, Augustine, and Aristotle on the formation of Aquinas' worldview.?
What is the most important topic in data structure and algorithms in C programming?
My college professor called me a \"white cis-gendered male\" and that I was \"born racist and privileged\". What does that mean? Is she right?
What are the most interesting products and innovations that Home Bancshares is coming out with in 2016?
Who has proved to be the best prime minister and president pair in India?
What is the difference between abstraction and abstract class and where they will be used in actual real time?
Can I go into an airport and ask for a ticket for the next flight out?
Can a person graduating from IIMs like LIK and even the new IIMs like Ranchi and Trichy ever catch up to the graduates from ABC and get a similar package?
What is Facebook's infrastructure and stack, with regard to only its iOS and Android apps and any databases, etc. they need to access?
How do I overcome tiredness and fatigue after working for hours?
I am a 19 year Indian old girl. I have never ever had a boyfriend, never been proposed by a guy and I don't think anyone has even had a crush on me. I was very comfortable with this until my cousin told me yesterday that I was missing something very big in my life. Am I?
Who are some lesser known important historical figures of Israel and what should people know about them?
What time do you go to sleep and what time do you wake up and why?
Does it feel like you will encounter more resentment with Trump and Hillary if you disagree with them -- vs. disagreeing with Bernie and Kasich?
What is the best way to make an idea public and prevent other people from restricting its use?
Why, sometimes, my head hurts after work and feel tired eventhough I've slept for 9 hours?
Everybody says I am ugly and will never get a girlfriend, and girls reject me. What can I do with my life?
What is the difference between socializing on the web and socializing - within physical proximity of one another - in real life?
Why is the northernmost state of India called Jammu and Kashmir and not just Jammu or Kashmir or Jammu, Kashmir and Ladakh?
My ex was physically and emotionally abusive and in the past has accused me of having narcissistic personality disorder, borderline PD, and a couple of others which I don't remember. He gave me enough proof as well from my behavior. Is it him manipulating me or am I actually a psycho?
\"The woods are lovely, dark and deep, but I have promises to keep, and miles to go before I sleep\". What do you get from these lines?
Can total station plot a complete contour map and show the same in the total station?
What penis size (in length and circumference) would be considered too large, and what is it like to have sex with a penis that size?
I am British but was born in Hong Kong and wanted to know if I'm eligible for citizenship.
A new start up, where can I find free platforms that can promote my offers and deals? I do not wish to pay any affiliate commission.
People always talk about the difference between money and power. Therefore, what is power? What is this abstract subject they're talking about?
I'm a 22 year old computer engineering graduate (fresher). I have applied to so many companies and gotten rejected every time. Now I have an option to join HDFC bank as a professional banker. What shall I do?
What is the difference between prime coat and tack coat of pavement?
I want to learn something new everyday. What can it be and how can I change my attitude to do so?
What can I do to reduce my hips and thighs with home remedies in short time?
What do people think about the rising price of prescription and non-prescription drugs? & Is there a solution to this issue?
Why do so many people prefer to ask questions on here and wait for an answer rather than type one or two words in a search engine?
Why do we always want more and feel like we can't get enough of anything?
Why are lagers more often than not the only beer available to purchase in an Indian liquor shop, and not other styles of beer such as stouts or pale ales?
How do barcodes work and what is the meaning of the numbers?
How many times a countrie's money has been demonetized and what were the consequences.?
How many 4 digit numbers can be formed using 1, 2, 3 and 4 without repeating a digit?
What sleep improvement apps for iOS filter blue light and don't require jailbreaking?
From where does RBI import paper and ink for printing Indian currency notes?
How can I memorize physics laws, lessons and definitions while studying 15 chapters?
How well does the DNC and the RNC serve the American people?
Is it possible to derive the masses of electron, proton and neutron from first principles or are they only experimental observables?
Is there tab profile computer that can run as web server and consumes less power or even run on battery?
Is there any difference between telecommunication engineering and electronics & telecommunication engineering? Or its one and the same?
How can I read data from a file and stream it to Apache Spark?
What will happen if USA and Russia declare war? Who's side will India be?
Why do white people have black, brown, blond and even red hair while other races don't?
Why is a promiscuous woman called slut and man called playboy? Why not call him man whore?
What would be the best way to restructure and improve the Star Wars prequels?
I'm a 14 years old boy and my penis is only an inch?
I make  dollar 927 per month with my SS, SSI and retirement. How much exactly am I eligible to receive in EBT food stamps assistance?
Do companies like Microsoft, Amazon, Deloitte, Yahoo, Cisco and Goldman Sacs recruit students off campus?
What is the best way to prepare for BITSAT and JEE with only 2 to 4 weeks remaining?
What are the booking charges for Makemytrip and Irctc? Which is the cheapest way to book a railway ticket online?
Why are some extremely smart people very quiet, and how do you know that they are smart?
What would happen to Donald Trump's companies and investments if he were to be elected president?
What do you think of the move of banning 500 and 1000 rupee notes in India (Nov 2016)?
Learning to Play Musical Instruments: What are the pros and cons of group music lessons, as opposed to private lessons?
I have a daughter who lives with her dad because he doesn't like my boyfriend. She is 17 months old. I'm 18 years old and pregnant. What can I do when I know that my boyfriend's parents won't accept my daughter or my pregnancy?
What is San Francisco and where do we find it in U.S?
Have you ever felt called to ministry or a specific job by God. What did it feel like and how did you know for sure it was the right decision?
I like a guy who is sweet, cute and nice only one problem. I think he may be dating someone else, though I am not sure. I feel like he understands me and that he may like me too. Should I ask him if he is dating and confess to him? Or should I not take the chance?
Im confused: I'm mixed race black/white. should I stop and search myself and then cell my self the drugs I find?
How can the combination of vitamin C and black cohosh affect someone's health?
Which is the most suitable and safest place in pune to smoke weed?
Does DigitalOcean allow public VPN and torrents over VPN? Psiphone VPN uses digital ocean IP address
What happens if Venus, Mercury and Rahu are in conjunction in the eight house, in Capricorn?
As a student who is easily stressed by work deadlines/exams, how can I learn to relax and stop myself feeling guilty when I do not work?
If I wanted to get a hair transplant without anybody but close friends and family knowing, how long would I need to take off work?
How can I have sex with a boy, without a condom, and without the risk of pregnancy?
What is it like to smoke weed for the first time? I have anxiety and ADD. I want to smoke medical marijuana instead of taking a bunch of pills. What are the best tasting kinds of weed out there?
What websites offer the best food and drinks deals in Kolkata?
What universities one can apply? GRE Score 323 (170+153),AWA-3.0 and CGPA 9.7,whether need to retake GRE for AWA?
Just completed my B.Tech with an aggregate of 66 percent, X and XII 75, 57 respectively. The eligibilty criteria in most of companies is 60 percent and above in X, XII and graduation. Now that I am helpless and cannot do anything about my XII score, does this mean that I wont get a job anywhere?
I am a new graduate of Industrial Engineering and I want to apply for a job in the USA. Is it possible to do so?
If some other religious communities scatter and flee their country, what would that be called? Please define the meaning of Diaspora.
Is there an inpatient Drug and Alcohol Rehab Center in Sonoma County California?
Is there a good comparison between \"Cinnamon\", \"Xfce\", \"KDE\", and \"MATE\"? Which one should I choose?
What are the most common traffic convictions in Arkansas, and how does the severity of the convictions differ in Alaska?
Who is the most well known and the most famous Quora user?
A stanger said I had an evil eye just for sitting near her stuff and proceeded to pray around me while calling me evil. What did I do?
What are the the best books to read on human psychology, its functioning, and interesting facts related to human mind?
I have gained a lot of weight AGAIN because of my hectic study routine and approaching exmas. I feel less confident. What to do to reduce my weight?
Is it necessary to still measure and check your design after fabrication? Why?
I read once that the public universities in Norway do not charge tution fees and international students are free to study there. Is it true?
How would a man-portable electromagnetic rail gun work and would it be possible in the future?
What are the general dimensions for check in and carry on luggage to travel to USA through any flight?
I have got admission from IIM Lucknow and am expecting to convert from FMS Delhi. Which one should I choose?
How do I get rid of lower back and testicular pain?
Why do you drive on a parkway and park in a driveway?
Can you square a negative number and get a number that is not a real number?
How do you compile and run Java in Sublime Text 2?
What is it like being an Indian working in Tech and living in New York City?
What is cleartext submission of password vulnerability and how to exploit this vulnerability?
What is the difference between the average total cost (ATC) and average variable cost (AVC) that decreases as output increases?
When was the last time you ran more than 100 meters (330 feet) and what was your reason for running?
If I have brown eyes and black hair and my wife has blue eyes and blonde hair, what will our son's eyes and hair color be? What is the dominant gene?
I am interested in deep learning and robotics. How should I get started in this field?
Can I change the wifi name and password on my Tenda Wifi Router?
Who invented the compass, and what is the story behind the invention?
I am a 26 year old male. I am 90kgs and my height is 174cm. I look fat and I want to become lean and toned. I have flabby arms, thighs and butts. What are some useful tips on excercises, workout routines and diet?
What is a submarine communication system, and what are operations and combat support systems on a submarine. How are all of those related?
It has been witnessed for years that the questions asked in the admission tests conducted by FIITJEE aren't based on a Class 9 or Class 10 student's mathematical and scientific skills. If they expect us to prepare topics from the JEE then what will they teach us at the coaching institute?
How do I factorize a differential equation of first order and higher degree solvable for p?
How do I compile and execute a C program on Windows?
What are the strongest majors in terms of job prospects and what are the weakest majors at UConn?
If I view someone on LinkedIn and then block them, can they see I viewed them?
Why do YouTube producers now put the artist and sing name in their videos?
Why do I keep seeing 11:11, 1:11, 1:00 and 11:00 on the the clock?
What are some good ways to check the completeness and truth value of a short story?
When I get a \"segmentation fault (core dumped)\" error in a program, generally what should I guess happened and practically how do I find out further what is going wrong?
What are the best resources and books to learn Angular JS?
Should someone born an asian stay in Asia or try and make it in the West as a minority? Why?
What is the unexpected hanging paradox and is there a solution to it?
Which is the best mobile Android app for the IAS and for other competitive exam preparations?
Hypothetical Battles: If every nation in the world allied and attempted to invade and conquer the United States, would they succeed?
What is the solution to the sequence and series question given below?
What is the difference between pizza sauce and a red sauce for pasta?
If a Bollywood movie were made on the life and career of Dhirubhai Ambani, what would be its opening scene?
I'm done with the B.Tech and I was placed in the MNC. Now I am not getting any challenging work here, being a Java programmer they gave me a testing profile and now I am confused. What should I do for the better growth of my career?
If I get a new phone and new SIM, can I use a new Uber account?
What do Biswa Kalyan Rath and Kanan Gill think about The AIB knockout and Aamir Khan's verdict on it?
How does the structure of veins and arteries relate to their function?
Why has the United States failed to elect a female President despite being one of the oldest democracies and when so many other nations have elected a woman leader?
I have these bumps on the way back side of my tongue? It's on both sides. I'm a 15 year old boy and I'm kind of worried it's cancer. I have a cold too
I was born in 1999. What defines my generation and does it have a fancy name like Generation X or Y?
(I'm a girl) my friend sends me heart emojis and \"I wuv you\" alot. we only speak through texts. does she like me?
What are the approximate cutoffs through GMAT and XAT for XLRI GMP for executives with over 5 years experience?
How big influence is IOT going to make in the life style of human beings and what could be the opportunities provided because of IOT?
What is a suitable inpatient drug and alcohol rehab center near Carroll County KY?
What is the difference between mammals and amphibians in reproduction and body and covering?
Have you ever dreamed about dropping out of society and living in a cabin in the woods miles away from humanity?
Can a post-Brexit Britain really survive without a land border between Northern Ireland and the Republic of Ireland (or an independent Scotland)?
Will a girl fall for a guy who is 6 ft tall and skinny but an introvert and very intelligent?
What is a suitable inpatient drug and alcohol rehab center in Leslie County KY?
What are the basic child support guidelines from Kansas, and how do they compare to those from Kentucky?
My laptop is an Intel(R) Core(TM) dual core i5-3337U CPU  at  1.80GHz and 3mb smart cache with 4gb RAM. How good is it for data scientists and big data?
Will the Israel/Palestine, Syria, Iran/Iraq wars, and other related conflicts degenerate into a bigger religion war in the world?
Is black hair, blue eyes and white skin a rare combination?
If an Olympic swimming final results in a dead heat, and the winners are from different countries, whose national anthem is played first?
What is the difference between an internal and external combustion engine?
How do I stop being an introvert and become an extrovert?
How do I reduce eye strain and headache while working on a computer?
Which is a suitable inpatient drug and alcohol rehab center near Randolph County AR?
Is the USA successful because of Americans (more broad and inclusive) or because of a handful of Americans (basically the prosperous)?
Who will be next after Lionel Messi and Cristiano Ronaldo to win the Ballon d'Or? When will this era end?
Why don't American car manufacturers remake old models and make them just like they were made originally?
In the General Election of 2015 the left-wing Scottish Nationalist Party won 50 percent of the Scottish vote and became, by far, the most powerful political party in Scotland. Why is it that Scottish people are so keen on Socialism?
Knowing how Prithviraj's last 3 films were flop (James and Alice, Darvin, Pavada), does he deserve to be the present MVP of Malayalam cinema?
Who suffers more due to tension between wife and mother-in-law, the wife or the husband?
What is the longest roller coaster in the United Kingdom and how does it compare to the longest roller coasters in other countries?
What are some logical questions and answers which are asked by HR?
What is the difference between a bending moment and a moment of resistance in R.C.C?
What is the difference between KGB and MGB as it pertains to modern Russia?
Can you see changes in your EEG after 20 neurofeedback sessions, and yet not notice corresponding changes in behavior?
How do I Practise Binary Numbers and Bits Manipulation in Programming Languages?
Have you ever gave up any big opportunities and what did you give them up for?
Is there any material in which ancient sound might be recorded and then retrieved now, analogous to the microwave background radiation of the Big Bang?
Who will Hillary Clinton and Donald Trump pick as their running mates?
A girl in Portugal sent me nudes when she was 18 and I was 17 and she lives in Portugal. Could I have her arrested?
Where is the Hole-in-the-Wall located in South Africa, and how does this natural formation compare to others in Chile?
If you think abortion is murder then do you think the mother and the doctor should be tried as murderers?
How much does a purebred Siberian Husky cost and how expensive is it to raise one?
What are some alternatives to \"Oh my God\" and \"God bless you\" for an Atheist?
Internal Ballistics: Since gunpowder deflagrates and does not detonate, how is it able to propel a bullet faster than sound?
What are the full forms of TARS and CASE in the movie Interstellar?
What is difference between l like you and I am very fond of you?
Is working out upper and lower body on the same day bad for you?
Are bees dying more because they have been inbred and they are weaker and can't candle pesticides or because pesticides are getting stronger and more concentrated?
Twitter API: How do I harvest and \"warehouse\" tweets on a specific hashtag?
Did you ever write a poem as a casual writer and felt like showing it to the world, just for fun?
How do I extract the style of the text and apply it to other text using Machine Learning?
What is Explorate? How does it work and how is it different from other shopping apps?
What are the strongest majors in terms of job prospects and what are the weakest majors at the University of Minnesota?
What are the personality differences between the book versions and show versions of the following characters: Daenerys, Arya, Tyrion, Jon, or Catelyn?
What is the difference between IMAX 3D and 3D (movie formats) ?
What were J. S. Mill's views about competition and private property as causes of social disorder? What are you views?
How do I open a Microsoft Word .docx file in Pages on my Mac and see changes that have been made to the document?
I have completed 18 months in L&T infotech and now i have to go for higher studies will I still have to pay 2lakh bond amount?
I am starting my preparation for CAT 2017 and I am 2nd yr engineering student. So how should I start preparation and what is the best study material?
How many algorithms is a humanoid robot using and what is responsibility of each of them?
Why does eumelanin appear as darker skin and why does dark skin absorb less UV?
How hard did you work in class 11 and 12 to get a decent rank in NEET and also to get into AIIMS?
Who will win the 12th match between Jaipur Pink Panthers and Bengal Warriors in Pro Kabaddi Season 4 2016?
What are the cultural similarities and differences between Singapore, Malaysia, and Indonesia?
After a relationship of 6 months, your partner wants to break it off. He says that there is no future for the two of you, and you'll both go mad if you stay together. In anger, he abuses you, too. Does he love you? Is it time to move on, or can you stay with him?
Why does the tripod of a camera have three legs and not four ? (Which chair is better a four legged chair or a three legged chair )
How much base salary can a senior software engineer from Yahoo (with 5 yrs in the company and 14+ yrs overall) command in a startup/biggie in the Silicon Valley?
How would the movie be if Karan Dharma Kama Johar had directed and produced Hindi version of TERMINATOR 1 movie?
Why is incest considered a crime and is punishable by law?
What are the main causes and factors behind the India and Pakistan's conflict (on and off) over Jammu & Kashmir?
Why do nuclear power plants use uranium and how is it used? What are some examples?
Why are the 1900s called the 20th century and the 2000s the 21st century?
I opened a practice account on Trading 212 (stock trading) and tripled my money within the first week. Why was it so easy? What is the difference between a real money account and a fake money account?
Is peace possible someday in the whole world, and can there be understanding between India and Pakistan, etc.?
What is the difference between a dangling pointer and a null pointer in C? Technically, both seem the same.
How do the achievements of the Aztecs compare and contrast to that of the Mayans?
Do true Christians believe in dragons and unicorns, as are written about in the Christian Bible?
I applied to the Google online portal a few weeks ago and recently got referred by an employee. Does this hurt or help my chances?
What are the theological differences between the Church of Christ and the United Church of Christ, not the political differences?
I am studying BS Computer science. I am in 7th semester and can't pass the basic programming course. Wasted alot money?
Why do passengers from aircraft are not given a bulletproof jacket and a helmet to save themselves in case of a hijack by gunmen ?
Is there evidence that Hillary Clinton and her brother financially exploited post-earthquake Haiti?
Is it bad to open up an Adderall XR pill and eat the pellets without the case?
We can find entropy of irreversible process by assuming that process reversible and answer will be same. Can I apply the same for adiabatic process?
I got a copper IUD a couple weeks ago and have been bleeding almost every day, should I be concerned?
Which all are the most profitable and reliable debentures in the Indian market?
How advanced is Turkey in the fields of science and technology vs other muslim nations such as Iran , Saudi Arabia, or Indonesia?
Philosophy of Science: Why are temples closed and people are not allowed to move outside on an eclipse day?
What are the strongest majors in terms of job prospects and what are the weakest majors at UNC Wilmington?
How do criminal lawyers choose between prosecutor and public defender for their career?
What is the full poem from which the phrase, \"Cross my heart and hope to die, stick a needle in my eye\" originates?
What should you do if you tell your girlfriend you love her and she's not ready to say it back?
What would happen if China and the United States went to war?
What is the ASME y14.5m and the ASME y14.5? What are the differences?
What if India was a continent and all the states were different countries?
Many mega-rich came to live in UK. Some have questionable sources of wealth and scary bad values. Would they adapt to the UK\u2019s way of life or corrupt it?
Job opportunities after mtech VLSI from NIT Jalandhar and advanced VLSI from Sandeepani VLSI Bangalore?
I have an app idea that is a solution for a real problem. However I lack the coding skills and funding. I am from Singapore, what should I do?
Can a company deny the relieving letter if the employee has resigned and served the notice period as per the contract?
What is the difference between an upper and lower receiver on firearms?
What is Angle of Attack and how does it relate to airplane stalling?
How were the Nazis capable of the murder of 11 million people and didn't break down psychologically?
Why do so many people feel entitled and deserving these days?
What are the stats for WordPress, Drupal, and Joomla installs on the web?
How can someone be the best thing and the worst thing that has happened to you?
Which is a good inpatient drug and alcohol rehab center in Carroll County IA?
Career Advice: What is meant by \"patent analyst\" and what scope of opportunities do we have in this field in India and how easy is it to switch in this area?
How do I start applying deep learning for my problems? Which are the best and easiest tools/frameworks for deep architecture?
How do I remove Donald Trump and Hillary Clinton from my feed?
How can I track down and view a specific ad I saw on YouTube?
On Facebook on my desktop my messages do not say \"seen\". When I go on Facebook on my moto E using Google chrome the message box says \"seen\" and timestamped at the same exact minute I sent the message. Why would my phone say seen and not my computer? Are they seeing the messages?
Does walking strengthen or weaken the bones/joint from wear and tear? What is the optimal steps to walk/run for a day?
Why is the Lin and Tegmark paper \"Why does deep and cheap learning work so well?\" important?
Why does Photoshop CC suddenly go dark and thick stroke using Wacom?
Historically, how have voters for the Golden Globes and the Oscars differed in terms of taste?
How can I update my Vizio TV, and what can I do if I don't like the updates?
What is the difference between megabytes and megabits in bandwidth measurement?
I am a 20 year old guy and 1.65m (5\"4 ft) tall. How screwed Am I?
How did Brexit and TPP impact your country and trade in your country?
What answer, posted on Quora and by whom, could end the major international crisis?
What is the city of Detroit's nickname and why was it given this name?
My girlfriend thinks I'm selfish and don't care. How can I show her that I care?
Is it possible to download a digital version of disc based games and play the game without the disc on PS4?
I like women, and I'm attracted to men with good appearance and personality, but I don't like the sex. What does that make me?
Which animals have opposable thumbs and how do they use them?
Why are humans so disrespectful to animals, plants and other Earth life forms in general?
What makes weeds grow so much faster and easier than other plants?
What are the best and worst things about being an INTJ?
What is the difference between electrons in the mitochondria of an animal cell and mitochondria in the plant cell when cyanide is added?
How do you get started on TopCoder and get access to the practice rooms and arena applet?
What are some good topics for a final year plant science and biotechnology research project?
Which is a suitable inpatient drug and alcohol rehab center in Mchenry County IL?
How do you make your offline website an online and public website for free?
Is it OK if I live by myself and be by myself and just read books all the time if I am happy?
Could we write a c program to open a Twitter API and save all tweets in a file?
Should I open a momo stall near Cheryl and beryl in Kharadi pune?
How can you slow down your metabolism and what risks are involved?
Some guy took 7 CS 300 level courses in one semester and got A's in all of them, he showed us screenshots, is he lying or IS THIS EVEN POSSIBLE?
Is it too hard to learn Spanish and Russian at the same time if I already know some Spanish?
I want to know if audio books are good to listen and where can I get it (both tamil and English)?
Would you rather be yourself and nobody likes you or not be yourself and everybody likes you?
Is it right to send a request letter and resume for an internship program to an HR head through Facebook?
What is a suitable inpatient drug and alcohol rehab center near Mecklenburg County NC?
How much it will cost to design an app and what are the initial steps to launch it?
When should I use \"who\" and when should I use \"whom\"?
How can I deal with an acquaintance who seems very depressed and in turn is starting to make me depressed?
Is edwisor genuine and has anyone gotten a job through it?
What are the rules and regulations when visiting an inmate at Valdosta prison and how does it compare to other prisons in Georgia?
What is the relationship between heat and radiation? Why does more radiation mean more heat?
When we are extremely happy or when the most awaited event takes place, do we lose our consciousness and react in a particular way and then later wonder why we reacted in such a way? Why?
What is the syllabus for electronics and communication in SBI and IBPS SO Assistant manager (system)?
Im always thinking of ways to get out and travel and it is affecting my college academics. How can I shift my focus and improve grades?
What programming language and tools did Ed Boon and co use for the first Mortal Kombat?
My friend's profile picture in Facebook Messenger has no small icon, no grey Facebook and no blue icon. All my other friends have that. What does it mean?
What is mitosis and meiosis and when do they take place?
Is it possible to run a business at home, producing the same goods and sell only online? Where and how can I search for information about this type of business? In which market segments does it pay to?
Which is a suitable inpatient drug and alcohol rehab center near Lincoln County CO?
Should one self-learn Javascript and take C++ at school the same time?
What do I do if chrome detects encryption and fires a needkey event?
Why are one rupee notes issued by the Ministry of Finance and not by the Reserve Bank of India?
I've been vaping for about a week alternating between juice with and without nicotine. Is it normal for my throat to still be irritated while vaping?
What is it like to be happy and live in North Korea?
What are the differences between a flying squirrel and a sugar glider? What are some examples?
Do you think that it\u2019s fair that we pay taxes and big corporations like Google don\u2019t?
What can the color of your urine tell you and what makes your urine clear?
I applied a little late to the Google summer internship for this summer and passed the technical interview, but I haven't been host-matched. Is it possible for me to push for an internship with them next summer?
Why are the Sudarshan Chakra and Lord Narasimha kept back-to-back in the temple?
What are the 'best in class' companies and products everyone should know in 2017?
I've dreamed about a guy I've never met. I know he's out there and I see him clearly. How can I find him?
How can I tell if my phones and laptop are hacked?
A fair coin is independently flipped n times, k times by A and n \u2212 k times by B. Show that the probability that A and B flip the same number of heads is equal to the probability that there are a total of k heads?
What is the best book for learning R and are there any video lectures related to it other than in Coursera?
Do girls enjoy deep anal penetration and ejaculation in the anus or rectum by a guy?
When was the time when you hit rock bottom in your life? How old were you and what did you do to get back on the path to success?
What is the difference between a company and partnership? Can a partnership firm do business with other legal entities and employ people in Pakistan?
How will the ban on the Rs 500 and Rs 1000 notes affect the world\u2019s economies?
How can a foreigner (non-Indian) exchange 500 and 1000 rupee notes in the United States?
What is the difference between clone, snapshot and template in vmware workstation?
Why my phone (micromax yureka) is getting switch off frequently and 3 apps get automatically installed even after unstalling them?
Could someone explain what intuition is, and how it is used, from a Shamanic point of view?
If I follow someone on Instagram by accident and unfollow that person right away, will that person get a phone notification?
To cool a room having just a lot of ice and a fan, is it more efficient to put the ice behind or in front of the fan?
Can I study 2nd PG through distance mode and Ph.D with 1st PG at same time in india?
What can we do to get voters who really dislike both Clinton and Trump to vote for a third party?
Why did the princely states choose to forego their independence and accede to the Dominion of India or the Dominion of Pakistan?
Does Robert Frost still write poems and why does he work at NASA?
I sent a whistle from CA to OH. Supposedly USPS ripped 1/3 of the entire letter. Miraculously, both our addresses were legible and the postage was still on but only small signs of a delivery date were stamped on the letter. Two of the stamps are lighter and it looks like she Photoshopped it. How can I find out?
What is the mark-up on newspapers and magazines at a newsstand?
What is the best place to buy and sell take away business online in UK?
What is the difference between a B.Tech and the AMIE exam and which has more value?
What language has the most phonetic alphabet, and which language has the most unphonetic alphabet (besides English)?
Does a new grad software engineer in the Bay Area and Silicon Valley make enough to compensate for the high cost of living in California?
What are the biggest changes in the energy industry we will witness? Will green energy and technologies line carbon capture dominate the landscape?
What is your biggest dream and what are you doing to make it your reality?
I feel that people don't like me, and have always felt that way, I'm 65 and have become very withdrawn, how can I get out of this mindset?
What is the best, easisest and free method of learning app development?
What sort of job roles are offered in finance and marketing at Nearbuy? How do I apply for the same?
What are the major lines of longitude and latitude? What purpose do they serve?
Which is the best two wheeler for ladies (low seat height and light weight), Activa-i, Yamaha Ray or something else?
What happens if everyone wants to do business and no one wants to work in a 9-5 job?
Should India have to worry about Russia and Pakistan joint military drill?
How can I get good at PLC and SCADA programming to interface them?
In economics the terms law, principle, theory, and model are they essentially the same?
Why are some substances more soluble and some are less soluble?
I have certain pores on my face and tone is uneven. How to get rid of pores and uneven tone using natural products?
Why is the distance between India and America higher than the diameter of the earth?
What are most reliable external Thunderbolt and SSD drives as of fall 2016?
I belong to OBC. My CTC is 7 lacs per annum but my father is retired from the government. He was a class 3 employee and is getting only a 2 lac pension for the year. Can I apply for the non creamy layer under OBC? While filling the form they are asking for family income, so should I show my father's income only?
What are some snacks that once cooked can be stored and consumed for a month without refrigeration?
When is Ballon d'or 2016 and its telecast details in India?
What are the bomb squad suits made of and how effective are they in a blast?
Help required ..want to pay house rent (35000)pak rupees and father has died brother is jobless each penny from your side consider me alottt!!!
What is the difference between urban and rural living in the U.S.?
Is there an extended battery and trigger grip for the Nikon Df?
If the Roman empire and the Mongolian empire both existed simultaneously at their height, and they for whatever reason fought a war, who would win?
A person has two parents, four grandparents, eight great-grandparents and so on. How many ancestors does a person have 15 generations back?
Why is \"Szechuan\" spelled the way it is in the US, and why is it (mis)pronounced the way it is in the US?
Why did king of Mysore supported Mughals before 1600 and British after 1600 for the invasion of South India?
What was the significance of the battle of Somme, and how did this battle compare and contrast to the Battle of France?
What is the best way to train and discipline your dog?
Why do companies like Peugeot and Renault not make luxury cars (details below)?
Which is the best platform to learn online and get knowledge + certification for Digital Marketing or every course in general?
Where can I found highly qualified and trained towing professionals in Chester hill?
Which is better in terms of salary and a luxurious life, PSUs or an IES job?
What is the difference between void main () and int main ()? And where do we use them?
I love her a lot but her past troubles me and I don't trust her. Please read comment. What should I do?
What are harsh realities daycare and preschool providers tend to not tell parents?
How can I participate in Google Summer of Code and what are the pre requisites needed to be its part and complete the project in terms of skill set?
What are the advantages and disadvantages of using the Dubai metro?
Will the 2016 movie \"Fantastic Beasts and Where To Find Them\" get a novelization?
When do they put up interstate billboards? They like appear out of 'nowhere' and hardly anybody notice them being set up?
How safe is Papua New Guinea, and how does it's crime rate compare to Bahrain's?
How should I do self preparation for Political Science and International Relations Optional for UPSC? Is coaching necessary for this subject?
I haven't talked to my parents for a month and am so quiet at home. I feel guilty to keep living and always see myself as a burden. How can I be a normal person? Am I okay?
Who are some lesser known important historical figures of Madagascar and what should people know about them?
What are the pros and cons of the Bank Of England?
I am an 18-year-old Asian male living in America. No matter how much junk food I eat and how much I exercise, I always weigh 50kg (110lbs) and stand 6 feet tall. How can I gain weight?
What is the difference between Clustering and Classification in Machine Learning?
What's the difference in a V/CV pattern and a VC/V pattern in spelling?
Is it a good idea to switch from .NET to big data and Hadoop after 5 years of IT experience in .NET?
What are the strongest majors in terms of job prospects and what are the weakest majors at Troy University?
What are main differences between borderline (BPD) and narcissistic personality disorder (NPD)?
If people of age 60 have an affair despite of having wife and grownup children, how can we trust marriages?
How do I achieve success in picture perception and discussion tests in SSB?
Why do I always notice that white people only hang out with white people in the U.S. and Asians with their own race? Where's the diversity?
Someone took screenshots of my text messages and sent to others without my explicit permission, is it legal in Missouri?
Is it safe to leave tea in microwave for several hours (if I forget to remove it and then go out for a few hours and return) and then just turn the microwave on for another minute and drink it?
Which is a suitable inpatient drug and alcohol rehab center in Dixie County FL?
Is it possible to buy property from savings, and on possession, sell a residential flat and show the capital gains as the fund for the new property?
It would be a good idea if all the best Quora answers were compiled and put into a quarterly or yearly magazine. But will it ever happen?
Which issue is most likely to bring the Trump candidacy to utter collapse and usher in the HRC presidency by landslide?
How can one be truly alive every day they live, and above all, how can one perfect the art of living?
In game of thrones, the title Song of Ice and Fire entitled to Jon Snow as he is son of Tagariyeans (the fire) and Starks (Ice)?
I am learning to code (in my case JavaScript) and I currently can't seem to code without guidance, how can I learn on my own?
Would the computer science terms \"fault tolerance\" and \"malfunction\" refer to both software induced hardware failure and hardware induced software failure?
Vaginaplasty: Who are the best surgeons in North America that perform it, and what criteria is the most important to consider when making my choice?
What are the strongest majors in terms of job prospects and what are the weakest majors at Cornell?
Can I apply tumeric, lemon juice, cucumber and rose water on my face to remove sun tan?
I was bitten by a pet dog 14 years ago but did not take vaccine should I go and get vaccinated now? Will the vaccine be of any use now?
I with my (male) friends are planning for a trip to Bangkok. Main motto will be to have sex and booze but we are on a tight budget. We can spend around  dollar 550 (apart from travel cost ) for a stay and enjoyment of 5 days. Any Guidance?
What are the good projects for electronic and communication engineering students?
Why do many TV sitcoms use laugh tracks and how long has this practice been done?
What exactly is a critical point of an embedding and how does it produce large cardinals?
Are there any games more complicated and strategically analytical than Go?
What is the difference between direct and indirect band gap semiconductor?
I have pain in my left thumb base joint and I don't play piano or guitar, I don't know the reason, can some body explain?
What are some places online to find people and create long distance relationships except dating sites which I find boring and ineffective?
Why is Bill short for William, and Dick short for Richard?
My narcissist ex used to coerce and sometimes force me into sexual activities, and hurt me during sex. Does it constitute rape?
I got admission in b.tech agriculture engineering and in short time there is internal exam so how can I recover each topic for preparation?
When can we see a Master of Kung-Fu and Iron Fist & Powerman movies? And who would you cast to play them?
What is the difference between a Kimono and a Yukata in traditional Japanese clothing?
Where can I get superior interior and exterior painting services in Maroubra?
Why do we see visions? How can I stop having sudden negative visions and images of the dead face of a loved one, destroyed assets, etc.?
What is the difference between 'return false' and 'return' when attempting to exit out of a function?
Should I be doing 4 sets of 25 push ups everyday, every other day, or 3 day a week and whats a good routine to build strength with push ups.
Which computer languages I should learn as an electronics and communication engineering student?
What ingredients are needed and what is the brewing process to make a pilsner style beer and how does this compare to a ale style beer?
I've heard Chegg is closing its Q&A forum and only a few selected members can answer the questions from now on. Is this true?
PEGA CSSA and CPBA: What are best career opportunities? Any idea about Pega trainers and BA opportunities in India or abroad..
What is the best cure and best hospital for epilepsy in India?
How can I sync my Galaxy 4 contacts, notes and calendars with Outlook?
We had sex 3 days ago and my normal period is on the 1st week of the month. Yesterday, I felt pain on my breast and stomach cramp and now I had my 1st day of my period. Am I pregnant?
What are the similarities and differences between book, article, journal and website?
What's the most cost-effective and fun way to travel to Delhi (from Varanasi) and explore the city on a two-day stay?
What are the rules and regulations when visiting an inmate at Valdosta prison and how does it compare to prisons in Arkansas?
Despite having secret service guards, why doesn't the White House keep the doors locked and require swipe or biometric verification for entry?
I have a technological breakthrough in aerospace and defense, how can I get an investor?
What were the major contributions of the political leaders during WW1, and how are the compared to the ones during the Vietnam War?
Do you think Melania Trump's nude and sexually seductive pictures would affect her role as First Lady?
How tall can I grow? I'm a 15 years old boy and turning 16 this year. I'm 175 cm tall.
What are the similarities and differences between veins arteries and capillaries?
Why do Indian men hate transgenders who stare at them, follow them and touch them even though they do the same thing to women?
Can someone deposit money into my account and then accuse me of fraud?
Which school is better for undergraduates and why: University of Pennsylvania or Tufts?
Considering the segregation policies of the US military, why have the WWII soldiers, sailors, and airmen come to be seen as \"the Greatest Generation\"?
What is the difference between the common market and single market of the European Union?
Which aircraft would be considered the best and cheapest for aerobatic flying?
How can I integrate login w/PhpFox and other custom built sites?
What is the longest roller coaster in the United Kingdom and how does it compare to the longest roller coaster in Denmark?
How do I know how to be a man, and do the right thing?
How are the laws regarding speed limit enforced in Florida, and how do they differ from how they are enforced in Texas?
So I'm listening to 'Bring Your Daughter to the Slaughter' (as you do), and I find myself wondering: what is the tackiest use of rhyme in a song title? Is there anything that tops Iron Maiden?
How can I download videos from Hotstar and save it in my phone memory?
If macOS and Linux are based on Unix, then what is Windows based on and why was it implemented like this by Bill Gates?
What does Spy Dialer do? How is it used and what are some examples?
Is there any way to adjust title and font default settings in Google docs?
What happened to Devi Rukmini and his other wives after Lord Krishna departed from earth?
What is the best photo editing application and software available online or offline?
Why are Google, Facebook, YouTube and other social networking sites banned in China?
If I download MIUI 8 from the website then will I get further updates and will it root my phone. I have Redmi note 3?
What are the most common questions asked in interviews and what should be the correct answer to them?
How did Islam split into Shiite and Sunni sects? How do their practises differ?
In 1799 Napoleon Bonaparte took control of France and created a dictatorship. Why would France choose a dictator to control them?
What are the pros and cons of using prizm tattoo ink?
What is the difference between marketing and sales in a layman laungauage?
How do you motivate yourself and break your habit of thinking you are not good enough?
My boyfriend broke up with me and 2 days later got engaged,how can he do this to me?
Do you see yourself as more American or Chinese and how do you think this ultimately influences your hosting of Fun Taiwan, if at all?
I'm 19 years old and want to start learning programming and coding from the zero . where and how do I start?
Which is the most popular and erotic adult film ever made? And why?
What movie could you watch over and over and never get bored?
What will happen if India and Pakistan are a friendly nation?
Where can I get the IES MASTERS and MADE EASY classroom study notes for IES CIVIL ENGINEERING?
Drive (2011 movie): Why is Driver so cold and methodical when he interrogates Blanche?
Is there any difference between computer engineering and computer hardware engineering?
Find a vector whose magnitude is 7 and which is perpendicular to each vector A = 2i - 3j + 6k and vector B = i + j - k ?
How does IFTTT makes money and what expectation do you have?
If I ever produced a movie about WWII and killing loads of Nazis will Brad Pitt show up at the casting?
Tests and my curiosity indicate I am gifted, but others seem to learn and often think faster than I do. Why is that?
Thyroid report results:  TSH: 57.41 normal range is indicated as 0.35 - 5.5 uIU/mL.  T3: 0.95 (Normal Range 0.60 - 1.81ng/mL) and  T4: 4.90 (Normal Range 4.5 - 10.9 ug/dL). I am a 30 year old male. What are the possible treatments I could go with?
What is the most compelling and cerebral proof for the existence of God?
I am over 40 years old, I have lived a happy life with my wife and my 16-year-old son for 20 years. If I have only 5 years left to live, how should I arrange my life?
How one can get into Indian foreign services and Indian forests services? What is the criteria and what work one is supposed to do?
My face is filled with acne and I look very ugly. I have no friends and I am very depressed. I don't feel like living. What to do?
What is the best, easiest, and an honest program to earn money online?
Does high school or college prepare you for real life and real work in the field of computer science?
Can you take both whey protein and mass gainer at the same time?
Any alternative to Paytm's send money to bank feature using A/c and IFSC where sending money is real time and less costly?
What are the advantages and disadvantages of dual cameras like on the Huawei Honor 6 Plus and the HTC One M8? What would a triple camera be like on a future Smartphone?
Recommendations for songs that are similar to Young and Beautiful by Lana Del Rey?
The US is the only developed country with a two-party political system, and I believe this has destroyed our great democracy. How do we promote greater diversity by adding more political platforms?
Where should a single mom to be rent an affordable and safe apartment in NYC? I will be working in East Harlem.
I am a 26 year old Computer Engineering graduate. I have applied to around 30-40 companies and all my job applications were rejected. I am hopeless and so fed up with my life. What shall I do?
I'm a pro-environmentalist and I use toilet paper. Am I a hypocrite?
What are some of the most interesting, downloaded, and costly web/mobile/tablet applications that were/are developed in India?
How often do results from bioinformatics move into practical and profitable biotechnology applications?
My friend got broken up with a couple months ago. Today I hung out with him and he's still mad about it. What can I do to help?
What does Zac Efron take and where can I buy it?
What is the difference between a criminal law and a civil law? Is murder a criminal offence or a civil offence?
Give some ideas for developing simple and usable android applications? Thanks in Advance
I'm a 36 year old healthy male. Is it possible for me to purchase whole life insurance and turn it into an annuity or do life-settlement?
Which is better to live and work in: Canada or US?
Where does DNA synthesis and replication occur in the cell cycle?
Has anyone had a near death experience and saw the evidence of an afterlife?
I met the perfect guy for me...at the wrong time. He's fallen for me, and I want to fall for him, but I'm not sure I'm over my ex. How do I proceed?
What are some characteristics of the West coast of the United States, and how does it compare to the Midwest?
What are the applications that can use armature and field control in the same time in order to increase and decrease the speed?
Who are some lesser known important historical figures of Japan and what should people know about them?
Women Safety: If someone is threatening a person via calls and messages , what charges can be pressed against him/her (in India)?
Why don't airlines recommend tight stockings and foot exercises while sitting during long flights?
Who is the best actress to play the role of Sati, Anandmayi and best actor to act as Shiva in the cinematization of 'Immortals of Meluha'?
What do mixed race black, white, and Asian babies look like?
What is the difference between Stanford GSB econ PhD program and Stanford university econ PhD program? Econ PhD in business school and university?
Were there white slaves in the USA before and during the Civil War?
What happens if a prominent CEO leaves and wants to work for a company like Goldman Sachs or Morgan Stanley?
Can you get implantation a week and a few days after your period?
Would it be stupid of me to visit Canada and meet a guy even though we aren't anything official?
How much percent of our brain is being used by us and when do the working percent of brain increases?
In your AI post, there isn't much of an intermediate step between AGI and ASI. Will we ever see the kind of human-like AI seen in movies (AGI
Which Chinese fighter aircraft is technologically most advanced and which US aircraft is comparable to it?
If you managed an electronics retail outlet and you wanted to think of your product/service not in terms of category, but as if the entire outlet is a product and/or service, and this product and/or service was hired by a customer to do a job for them, what would that job be?
What are the benefits of green jasmine tea, and how do they compare to those of red tea?
Where can I get a high quality and professional painting & decorating service in Brisbane?
What countries do not have a cold winter season and have warm \"summer\" climate all year round?
Are there pens with thick grip and thinner tip?  Is it available in India below 50 rupees?
How does one decide on quantities of raw material and items to be precooked for the first month while opening a restaurant/pub here in India?
What was the clear history between India and China during 1949 to 1962?
What's the body that governs sports in Denmark, and its (email) contact point?
My car was stolen a year back. I am on the verge of getting a non-traceable certificate from police. Some guy calls up and says he bought the car at a government auction a month back and could I give him the papers of the car if I have them. What do I do?
How much money can a country print, and is it possible to print everlasting money?
Is Ravish Kumar from NDTV shows only selective and negative news of Maharashtra?
If light is bent by warps in space, does that mean water and glass also are warps in space?
What can I do with a 6 Mbps for download and 1 Mbps speed for upload internet?
If a girl says to a guy \"You're so sweet,\" and \"Aw, that's so nice,\" does that mean the guy is friendzoned?
What is the physical meaning of divergence, curl and gradient of a vector field?
Why are countries like India and China so densely populated? What are the circumstances and reasons?
Am I being selfish? I drive to college by car once a week, and sometimes my friends come along. I have to go out of my way to pick them up and it really annoys me.
What were the major contributions of the political leaders during WW1, and how are the compared to the ones during the Revolution of 1830?
Why is the biggest fantasy contest (DraftKings and FanDuel) available only for the US and Canada? Are there similar tournaments with the game for real money for Europeans?
How do dentists glue braces to teeth and how are they able to remove them so easily?
Why do I hate seeing my ex. happy and having fun in life?
Reading: I get stuck when I read a passage and take a few minutes to read back properly.How can I read fluently?
I am in the IT field, but not finding it much interesting. So I am thinking of opting for an MBA to change my field, and it will provide me with a wider scope without knowing if I will love the job later. In short I am unable to decide my area of interest ,and therefore trying different possibilities. Am I doing it right?
Why do people feel the need to merge and manage other people's Quora questions?
How did Robert turn into Bob and William turn into Bill?
How can one form/develop a weekly or monthly schedule for personal development/\"growth\" projects and to build habits (mostly in the personal development area)?
What are some great methods to remember new words one learns and thereby expand one's vocabulary?
What is the difference between Camel Blue and Camel Lights cigarettes?
What are the emerging technologies in IT, which promises a good salaried and early job? And how many days of training are required to get command over it?
How do the \"slight highs\" from cigarettes and e - cigarettes/vapor differ? Is one better than the other? Smell and other components like that aside.
Whether the transport between Tamil Nadu and Karnataka is normal now? If not how to reach Bengalore from Coimbatore.
My son may have been bit by a spider his foot is swollen and hot. Should I take him to the hospital?
What are the well defined differences between a Hindu theist, Hindu atheist and Hindu agnostic? What parts of the traditions, scriptures, philosophy and practices are common and what are different?
Is it unusual to eat pancakes and waffles with honey instead of maple syrup?
What low-cost airlines fly out the Istanbul airport and which destinations do they go to?
Why are dead bodies on mountains not removed and given a proper burial (eg. Rob Hall & Green Boots on Mt. Everest)?
I'm in love with a guy but I know he doesn't feel the same (I didn't ask but I know). Another guy proposed to me, but I don't like him. But I feel so sorry for him and I know how exactly he feels as I'm in the same condition. Now should I say yes to the guy who proposed to me out of mercy or no?
Should you tell your kids that Santa and the Easter Bunny, etc. is real?
What is the academic pressure and workload at Cal State Fresno like?
What is the easiest way to find bond pair and lone pair in chemical bonding?
Why am I always the one helping others and when I need someone nobody comes for me?
How a substance occur in all three states (solid, liquid and gas) simultaneously at triple point?
What are some effective study and exam-testing habits or tricks that you would recommend?
How can I get MOOC/E-learning through online web and video courses related to physiotherapy developed by Indian professorial/professors?
Who all were informed about the discontinuation of 500 and 1000 currency notes by Modi government?
What are some of the experiences of NRIs or people of Indian origins who have returned to live and work in India for good? Has it been a successful move? If not, why not?
How can you create invoice and shipment automatically in Magento 2?
What is the relationship between the Higgs Field and our current conception of Dark Matter (e.g. WIMP)?
After ten years of experience in Microsoft related technologies (C#, .NET, Powershell, MVC), in both test and development roles I am earning a salary of 10L per annum. How much should I be earning as per market standards?
Why is history related to geography and geography related to history?
What can an individual or a family or a business in Bahrain do today to prepare and adapt for the coming impacts of climate change?
Why did Ataturk change the language and the alphabet of modern day Turkey?
If there had been no or very little gold in California, what short-term and long-term changes to US and world history can we guess would have been the effect?
Why does it take so much time for Payment Banks and Small Banks to start their operations when license was given by RBI so long back?
Do keywords and meta tags still important and matters in SEO?
What does Displacement, Max Power and Torque mean in a car? What are their significance?
When was the last time that Democrats had a majority of both houses of Congress and the President at that time was a Democrat?
What is the academic pressure and workload at Penn State like?
What is discrete mathematics and why is it so important for computer science?
I\u2019m thinking about starting a website around teaching plus-size women how to be more stylish and confident with dressing better. What would plus size women like to know on how to dress better? What are the biggest problems around dressing stylishly?
My parents are divorced. One wants me to play sports and the other wants me to have closer ties to academics. Is there some sort of medium in between?
How does going to bed at 2 or 3am and waking up at 11am or noon affect the body and someone's health?
What is the Islamic State in Iraq and the Levant (ISIS)?
Is it possible to encrypt data and be anonymous on a public network using Linux and without using VPN?
How does a leadership development firm break into the mental health and recovery arena to provide training/coaching for decision makers of those treatment centers, so they can better serve their clients and employees?
Why is a photon completely absorbed by an electron and why is there no partial absorbtion?
What is the best design of wind turbine and fuel cell hybrid system?
How do I get my likes and followers up on Instagram?
Why is the spectrum of body flattering, revealing, playful, teasing and seducing clothes for men not equally broad as for women?
What are the most interesting products and innovations that Horizon Bank is coming out with in 2016?
Where can I learn SDL, and how will I use it with OpenGL?
On snapchat,the person in my friends list moved to my added me list as \"re-added\" and I didn't get any notifications.I can't see snapscore eather.Why?
Can mice climb tables and reach the the top of the table?
Can I burn an audio CD on a DVD-R and have it behave as a CD-R so I can play it in all cars and players?
What are the differences between sugar gliders and flying squirrels? What are some examples?
My new Pulsar RS200 seems to be getting too much heated up and the radiator fan starts after nearly 10 km of riding. Is it common?
Why do Sunni Muslims condemn Shia Muslims' depiction of prophets and imams in Iranian Islamic historical movies?
Underage Drinking: I am 16 from Sweden and I drunk alcohol. Will I go to jail because of it?
If a shooter walks into a school and I disarm him and proceed to kill him, will I be charged with any penalties?
Why is eating geoduck so popular in China and not so much in the U.S.?
How can I be ambitious and satisfied at the same time?
From Where I can buy wooden Palettes (recycled and old will also work) in Bangalore? I do not require in bulk.
I am currently a dual degree student of Industrial and Systems Engineering in IIT Kharagpur, is NITIE a good option to pursue after the M.tech?
Can genital herpes be spread from sharing the same towels? I have genital herpes and I think I infected someone that I shared towels with?
What is the straight differences in the personalities of Abu'l-Fath Jalal ud-din Muhammad Akbar and Mirza Shahabuddin Baig Muhammad Khan Shah Jahan?
What sort of programming experience does one need to start learning and become an AWS Certified Solutions architect?
How do I proceed in revising weak chapters and strong ones for JEE Advanced-2015 ?
After understanding that everything is made of quarks, leptons and bosons, how do I not view the world as pointless?
Is getting into Cornell with a 32 on the ACT and a 3.7 GPA with strong music extracurriculars realistic?
What is the difference between opc cement and portland slag cement?
I am a 21 year old college student, male, 84 kgs, 5'9\" and want to lose 16 kgs in 3 months. How should I do it?
How can I recover from depression, panic disorder and generalized anxiety disorder with lower chance of relapse?
What is stopping the military powers of the world to launch a combined attack and decimate ISIS from the face of the planet?
What is a highlighter in makeup and what does it do?
Which are the best screen guards and cases for Honor 4X?
What is the crime rate in the Borough of Ealing and how does it compare to Wandsworth?
What are the advantages and disadvantages of not using Facebook and WhatsApp?
What are good changes that could be made to San Francisco's ecosystem of pawn shops and payday lenders to make the city a better place?
Can police in Delhi check our cars and documents? What rights can a citizen exercise?
What do Azerbaijanis (both from Iran and Azerbaijan) identify more with: Persian or Turkic culture?
I got anA1 for english in fa1 and another for fa2 and for SA1 I got A2 but my overall SA1 grade was A2 HOWWW?
What are think tanks in economics and public policy in Singapore?
For this last few months I haven't dreamed and I no longer am the night owl I used to be. What's wrong with me?
Why don't Tamils go back to India and let Sri Lankan people live in peace?
What is the difference between \"by\" and \"with\" in the following sentence?
I am interested in chemistry especially atoms and its structures which college would you prefer me after 12th and what field should i choose?
I'm not so good at math. I've taken up Electrical and Electronics Engineering. How should I work so that I excel engineering math?
What should I do when date of birth different in birth certificate and other all education certificate same dob. how can I apply for fresh passport?
What's the best way to text a girl that you like, who is shy and introverted, since she might hate small talk?
Which one women's talent/position overshadows her beauty and Hotness? And if you were to date her, how would you prepare yourself, if she'd be more attractive than you are
What are the major milestones in Natural Language Processing (NLP) since 2010 and how AI (machine learning) will help to face the challenges ahead?
How exactly does higher education affect rank and pay grade in the U.S. military, specifically the Marine Corps?
Which are the major highways in California and how are they compared to the major highways in Pennsylvania?
Why was Budapest flooded in 2013, and how did the flooding affect its citizens and economy?
What is the Use of choke and starter in a tube light?
What are the similarities and differences between Abraham Lincoln and Franklin Roosevelt?
Why does Amitabh Bachchan always accompany Aishwarya and Abhishek Bachchan, whenever the couple attends any public event?
What was it like to be in Manhattan and Washington D.C. on 9/11?
Is there a difference between native mini displayport and just mini displayport on Macbok air?
How much does the average traffic light and street light cost to build and maintain in the USA?
Which are the best SSC and banking coaching centers in Chandigarh?
What is the best example of beauty and brains in Bollywood?
Is it still worth me going to university and studying Computer Science?
I've a paypal a/c. I completed 3 tasks like PAN, mobile verification, bank details.I've SBI a/c and master debit card. But paypal do not accept my card?
Which one is the best water purifier to buy among kent, pureit, a.o. smith and aquarguard, if I am buying the best one for each company?
What are the most common traffic convictions in Arkansas, and how does the severity of the convictions differ in Indiana?
How can I use Omegle on my iPod Touch and how is it compared to using Get It On?
Which is a good inpatient drug and alcohol rehab center in Sharp County AR?
I am loosing confidence in me. I see many couples of my age enjoying and all my friends have girl friends. I was rejected and living alone. How to cope up?
What's the difference between radial and axial and what are some good examples of each?
What are the some of the best and different type of painting?
My girlfriend left me and I'm heart broken, how can I get her back?
What are the requirements to be considered for the United States Air Force and how do these requirements compare to China's?
How do I convince my Hindu friends that it was the Wright Brothers who invented the aeroplane and not Ravan, a mythological Hindu God in Ramayan?
If Hitler had been captured alive and put on trial in Nuremberg, what could have been his defense?
Where did World War 1 start and how? How did World War 1 affect the world?
What is a good inpatient drug and alcohol rehab center near Bingham County ID?
If the earth is a globe then why does it look like there are countries above and below others? How can they be underneath in reality?
What are the differences between C and C++? Which one should I learn first?
What If I have lot of money and I want buy a usa state is it possible?
Do animals have memory of harm done to them and can they take revenge on the harm?
What is the difference between Prolog and Python with respect to coding artificial Intelligence problems?
Where can I get high quality and professional interior and exterior painting at Brisbane?
Why is ISRO so successful where DRDO and HAL totally failed?
What would be the primary differences in the behavior, thought processes, and feelings of a sadistic narcissist versus a sadistic psychopath?
Do you think both Donald Trump and Vladimir Putin will rename the entire planet to themselves?
A good friend of yours has been taking out his father's two wheeler without permission. He is only 16 and just offered to take you for a joyride, also with your partner. How can you take your friend out of this unfair habit?
My GPA is very low in the first two years of university. If I could behave well enough, both in learning and researching during my master's period in Japan, would I have a chance to enter top universities in the U.S. for a PhD degree?
What do you think about ban on Rs. 500 and Rs. 1000 currency notes?
What are some of the most interesting and difficult questions asked in job interviews and what are their answers?
Which one is a better mobile company in respect of camera and long life: Lenovo, Micromax or Intex?
What is the difference between compound interest and continuous compounding interest?
Computer Vision: Easiest way to implement viola jones face detection in java.? I have studied the algorithm i know the working still dont know how to start it with java. I want some code with documentation for reference or some idea how to do training and all that stuff. Provide me some useful links if possible. I have already googled a lot but it seems little bit confusing that's y i m askin here.. thanks in advance.
What are the strongest majors in terms of job prospects and what are the weakest majors at Lee University?
How do I wirelessly connect an iPhone to a Bluetooth speaker, and have the phone's alarm play through the Bluetooth speaker?
Does the supreme leader of Iran genuinely think that chemical and nuclear weapons are evil, or is it because of political reasons?
My elitmus score is quant 60,verbal 80 and ps 77. Is there any chance to get a call from good company?
What are the pros and cons of buying a property with partial white and remaining in black money if all the money I am investing is in white?
I want to join an NGO in Jaipur as a volunteer. I want to work there on Sundays and sometimes on Saturdays. Which NGOs would you suggest?
Which is a good inpatient drug and alcohol rehab center near Perry County AL?
How can I improve my self-esteem? Sometimes I feel bad with my self and can't look at other people when I'm walking on the street.
Is syntel is fooling thier candidates they had taken interviw interview on 19th march and till now doesnt declare thier final result?
I did really bad on my 1st term of 11th (cbse).If I pull myself together and do really well on the other 2 terms can I still get above 95 percent at the end?
What would happen if alcohol and cigarette are banned in India?
How do you explain Socialism to a 10 year old in simple terms and how does it differ from communism?
When I am opening my Quora account, initially I got two options as Top stories and Most recent.Now I am getting all Top stories only.If i want to change that what shall I do? Thank you
I have listened to a Punjabi song. Its lyrics are something like \"I love only once and not many times.\" What is some information about this song?
My son will be born soon. What is the best way to make sure he grows up and focuses on only getting a career in STEM?
What do Israelis think about Ilan Pappe and his views on the conflict?
Is vacuum energy infinite? If it is, how and why? Is it dark energy?
Is there an equivalent to Alibaba for manufacturers and wholesalers located in the United States?
Who are the fastest to score each of the centuries in ODI, test and T20 cricket in least number of innings?
How did Swiggy managed to hire many delivery boys and pay them the fixed monthly salary in initial days?
Why is only the homepage of my website appearing in Google search results and not the other pages at all in the top 10 search pages of SERP?
How do I become more patient and understanding towards my unemployed older brother?
Critically analyse the success of boodhan and Ramada initiative? Why was it consider the unique as measure?
What's the difference between a VP Engineering and Principal Software Engineer?
Modern humans appeared 200,000; civilization 10,000; and advanced technology 500 years ago. Why no advancement for something like 190,000 years?
What do you think will happen to Muslims, Immigrants and blacks in Donald Trump's presidency?
Who are Monster's largest customers and how much, on average, do they spend annually?
Should I apply to M.S. or P.A. schools? I am done with undergrad and I got rejected but still ultimately want to become a doctor.
Why do US graduate schools have so many PhD candidates from India and China? Is there any particular reason why Europeans are so underrepresented in US schools?
Is beer good for kidney stones? I am a 19 year old girl and I had beer twice in the name of that it could be good for my kidney stones.
Geometry: What's the difference between a rectangle and an oblong? Been worrying me since I was about 8...
What are the pros and cons of Google SDK vs Mapbox and Foursquare API on iOS?
I cheated in a programming interview and successfully got a job, how do I survive after that?
Is going for the masters in mechanical engineering and management at TUHH (Technical University of Hamburg) worth it?
Would you beat a man up if he talked and flirted a little with your girlfriend?
A bag contains one ball, either red or blue. We put a red ball in the bag and shake it well. Then we draw a ball out of the bag and it turns out to be red. We now draw the other ball out of the bag as well. What is the chance that it is blue?
What is the chemical composition if beer, and when was it invented?
I am extremely self-obsessed, narcissistic and have absolutely no interest in other people. How do I change?
I'm completely in love, but our relationship will have to be long-distance and neither of us can handle that. What do we do?
I have 5 yrs of experience in IT (Infosys) and have an offer from Accenture (SSE, 50 percent hike) and TCS (ITA, 40 percent hike). Which is the better option?
It's a leap year this year and Monday is the day. Why am I expected to go to work?
How could I stop the Scientologists annoying me? What actions and words should I say to them if I want them leave me alone and live my own life?
Was the Canada US free trade agreement and then Nafta good for Canada?
Why nitration occures more rapidly in a mixture of concentrated nitric and sulfurc acid than in concentrated nitric acid alone?
What is the difference among limiting current, diffusion current and migration current according to electrochemistry?
I'm 4 days late for my period. I've taken 4 pregnancy tests and they all came negative. What could this be?
If a Bollywood movie were made on the life and career of Lalita Shastri what would be its opening scene?
Can I use Uber with an American phone and phone number when I travel abroad?
Should \"Nothing is certain except for death and taxes\" be updated to \"Nothing is certain except for death, taxes and unemployed liberals on welfare\"?
Is there any online software available for calculating the time and space complexity of a Java program in Big O?
Why is it considered gay for a guy to like and listen to female artist?
How are data science, big data, and machine learning affecting the field of economics?
I'm a self trained amateur artist from engineering background. Currently I'm working for CTS and the job is very frustrating for me. How can I breakfree from my dull job and pursue a career in art?
What is the program that allow me to connect AUX to my laptop and then have my laptop play music via the speakers of the laptop?
How is UT Dallas for an MS in Computer Science? I am from India and will pursue the MS course from the fall of 2014. How are the internship prospects and full-time job prospects after graduation?
Why do non-Muslims refuse to believe Islam and the prophet of Islam \"Muhammad\"?
Why is Michigan considered a swing state and how is it important to the elections?
I am a 4-month-old fresher in an MNC. I'm not satisfied with this company. I wanted to leave but I have a 14 months bond and 70K I have to pay if I break. Will it be a serious matter if I don't pay the bond fee and leave the company?
What are top 10 most useful and influential Java libraries / frameworks?
What are the pros and cons of living in Potrero Hill?
Has anyone used any advertisement and distribution company to promote their business?
My employer isn't providing me the Form 16 saying that as per the calculations, my tax deducted is zero. I'm sure that my employer has not even submitted the TDS to the government and hence they are not willing to provide me the Form 16. How should I go ahead in filing the income tax return?
Do you think Donald Trump and Hillary Clinton unfit for the presidency?
Can now Sundar Pichai fire Larry and Sergey from Google Inc?
How important is your credit score and what can I do to keep mine good?
If war happened between India and China and turned into world war, then who would win?
What are some of the best and cheap casinos in Goa? What should be the attire?
How do professional performers such as actors and opera and ballet stars kiss; are they really kissing?
Where can I find a good and free IQ online test?
What is the best martial art to use for self-defense and other practical situations? Why?
What was the significance of the battle of Somme, and how did this battle compare and contrast to the Battle of Spartivento?
What kind of software do Pixar and Walt Disney use to animate pictures?
How long does it take for a mail to be sent to and be received from a navy boot camp?
Are the SSC memo, Aadhaar card and birth certificate enough for passport verification?
So what makes Quora any better than simply googling your question and getting a straight forward answer?
Is it legal for a Hindu man to marry a second time when his first wife is alive and she has consented to his second marriage?
What are the differences between speed and velocity? How are the measured?
Does \"Hillary Clinton have a longer history of lying and cheating the American people\" than Donald Trump?
Will President Obama declare martial law and remain in power if Trump is elected?
What is a good inpatient drug and alcohol rehab center near Lincoln County GA?
Why do we have male and female bathrooms and not gay and lesbian bathrooms?
You have a pair of unpolarized sunglasses, a pair of polarized 3D viewing glasses and a large supply of flat mirrors. Can you tell the two glasses apart?
What are some best IAS coaching institute in Delhi and what is fee structure of those institutes?
In conversations about privilege, how do you respond to the defense, \"I faced this hardship and still succeeded so why can't they do the same\"?
How would a radiology technologist who studied and practiced in Italy become certified and able to be a radiology technologist in the US?
If time travel is possible, would our universe be in the first and original timeline and no one from the other timelines would be able to interfere?
What was the connection that Harry Potter and Voldemort shared through their wands?
I wish to buy some Gold Bullion (preferably American or Canadian). What is the best way to buy and also later sell gold. Are there any legal or tax issues?
What are the best interview questions and answers asked in IIT,BITS, NIT, IIM or IAS interviews?
Is there a job board site where employers hire and sponsor visas for employees internationally?
What are the strongest majors in terms of job prospects and what are the weakest majors at Macalester College?
Hypothyroidism: Is it a serious problem if I have normal t3 and t4 thyroid hormones but a high TSH level (7.02)?
Why did Donald Trump only used Ivanka and not Tiffany for his campaign?
Screenwriting: I've written a great family adventure script and would like Steven Spielberg to make it. Where do I send it to?
What is it like for an Indian to live and settle down in France?
Can I buy DOTA 2 item and gift it on the day I bought?
If Indian gals are real feminist why don't they publicly discard their inconvenient and suffocating bras just like some of their Western counterparts?
Matter is divided into 3 states: solid, liquid, and gas. What state does fire exist in?
What is the best way to learn and become a UX designer?
I wish I never went to university. How do I get over the stress and regret of wasting 3 years of my life and having to pay back a giant student loan?
What are the characteristics of Italian leather and how does it distinguish itself from other types of leather?
If you accidentally like someone's photo on Facebook, and then unlike it, will they be notified?
What is the Japanese word for \"angel\", and its correct pronunciation?
Should questions of the Spanish Quora site and any other future language link to equivalent questions on the English site?
Will the ban on 1000 and 500 rupee notes affect the UP and Punjab election?
When should I expect my joining date for Accenture, The timeline shows its 24 dec 2016 and I havent recieved any updates from the Organisation?
Did Joey live with Chandler and Monica after they moved to new house?
How strong is Hercules in Marvel comics and does he have stronger versions like Hulk has?
How should I study to get a 800 on the reading and writing section of the new SAT?
Why is the balanced money formula, created by Elizabeth Warren and Amelia Warren Tyagi, not a more popular personal budget strategy?
When is Xiaomi releasing the MiUi 6 and Lollipop for Redmi 1S?
What are the good government colleges other than IITs and NITs to do an M.Tech in electrical engineering (I have a GATE 2015 score of 314 and my category is SC)?
I am an international student and want to get into Harvard/Princeton/MIT/Yale. Next year I will be in 12th. Shall I take the SAT again and again (as it will improve my result) or only take it once?
Can Quora mods/admins provide an explanation as to why the legendary \"how to give a man fellatio\" answer was deleted and if we can--at the very least--be emailed a copy of it from the archive (which must surely exist)?
Why is grass green in summer and turns brown in autumn?
What is the difference between the CBSE, ICSE, and NCERT? Which one is better among them?
Does the rest of India feel intimidated by the violence inflicting ability and bellicose attitude of OBCs like Jats, Ahirs, Gurjars, etc.?
I'm just over 13 years old and 6 ft tall (184cm). Is this normal?
Is this world for the strong only, good deeds and politeness are seen as weakness?
Why does it seem that Japan and Korea are more rigid hierarchy than China?
There were a blind, a deaf and a dumb. Blind's wife ran away with deaf and this was seen by dumb. How can the dumb convey this to the blind?
Given that many online news comment sections are full of trolls, and people accusing each other of being trolls, why do sites keep the these running?
What is the Disneyland Dream Suite and how can you make reservations for it?
What is the best way to learn and practice C programming?
What are the advantages and disadvantages of not having a college degree?
Why do Saudi Arabia and Iran hate each other so much?
How do the Subaru Legacy GT and the Super GT differ?
What is the definition of 'sedulous' and how would you use it in a sentence?
What are the colors of the rainbow and how is a rainbow formed?
Why are some news channel and people saying that the new 500 and 2000 notes cannot be faked?
Japanese culture is loaded with displays of respect and decency, so much that it's admired by many cultures worldwide. When it comes to matters of over fishing and marine species conservation this same reverence doesn't seem to apply. Why?
What are the ways for enhancing practical knowledge and exposure for a CA student in the 2 months period after IPCC 1st group exam?
What is a Gaussian mixture model and why do we use it?
Was Sherlock Holmes based on a real detective? If so, who was he based on and how far did the fictional character deviate from his real-world inspiration?
To me, it felt wrong when, on a date, a guy told me to shut up and kiss him. I don't like being told to shut up. Am I being uptight about it?
What is a good inpatient drug and alcohol rehab center in Pulaski County GA?
What mistake did Steve Harvey do and how was it fixed?
Why are people with green eyes rare and do they share a common ancestor?
I am basically Non IT Background.. I want learn course...Some of my friends suggested Linux and PLSql.. I want to know which is best option for me?
In many classic stories, a woman waits for a man to complete his journey and come back to her. Why are these women always waiting? Why is it never the man who waits?
How painful is it to simulate and optimize a 4D construction schedule using BIM data and traditional tools like Revit & Primavera or MS Project?
I had employers tell me that people aren't hiring me because I had never had a job at 18-19 and now I am 21. Is this the reason why I am not employed?
If human corpses contain nutrients, why don't we reprocess them and use them as food for animals instead of wastefully burning them off?
Why is there a separate stream and separate championships for male and female chess players?
I live in Mumbai in a flat. I have rented a flat through a broker, and that time I gave the brokerage. Now after 1-year the broker again came and is demanding brokerage again. Should I give him the brokerage? Is it some kind of rule? Is there any way to avoid it?
Which laptop with an Intel Core i5 quad-core processor, 8GB RAM, 1TB HDD and 2GB of graphics memory has 6-8 hours of battery backup?
What is the difference between a degree and a diploma in the context of the Indian educational system?
Has anyone done a short term course in a one field and went to do masters in an another field?
What does the difference in heart rate before and after exercise indicate?
I just was given hundreds of baseball cards from the 1980s and 1990s. What are the most valuable cards from the 1980s to 1990s?
What is the difference between interest rate and discount rate in banking?
Has anyone lost all their money and subsequently re-built their wealth? What happened and what did you learn from it?
How do I choose the right religion if the gods or god seem to claim they/he are/is the one and only thing I should believe in. Should christians and muslims investigate/compare and find out the truth for us?
I am a student in class 11th in commerce stream without math but having computer science and I want to do a BCA .Can I do it without the math?
Are you bothered by Quora users who focus on fitness and only seem to promote their own websites or instagram?
Why do Wikipedia's articles on topics of advanced mathematics and sciences make pretty much no sense to me?
Will I get a refund on Tatkal booking if I have 1 confirmed booking and 2 in waiting but both passengers decide to not to travel?
How much does it cost to build an oil refinery and how long does it take to build one?
Who is the old man in the MDH Masala ads and why does he appear in all their ads?
I have 4.5 lakhs saved up in my bank account and earn 50k per months.I have earned that money working on projects. I am 20 years and want to generate passive income. What should I do with the money or how should I invest it?
Is dark/vacuum energy infinite because the expansion of the universe is infinite and more and more of it is created as the universe expands?
How good are SAP tools like BODS, HANA, Lumira and Predictive analytics for data scientist and will it replace traditional programming in the future?
What was the reason of Adolf Hitler's brutality and discrimination towards the Jews?
Which book company's previous year aipmt and aiims questions are the most authentic and reliable?
What is it like flying from Bangkok to Manila and how are these touristic cities compared to Colombo?
Is it legal to take pictures of food at a restaurant and post it on a Facebook fanpage?
I gave interview in IBM. They took my biometrics and asked to leave. Am I selected?
How do I prove the relationship between nodes n, and height h of a FuII Binary Tree is 2h =(n+l) /2?
What is solid liquid and solid gas, and what are some examples?
Where can I get very reliable and efficient furniture removals and relocation service in Central Coast?
What do IT companies like Accenture, Cognizant, TCS, etc., and software companies like Flipkart, Amazon, Microsoft, Google, etc., work on?
What is the importance of starter and choke in fluoresent lamp?
What does it mean when you CR and DR the Cash At Bank account?
Clive Cussler: Which are the best dirk pitt novels ? and which series is better oregon or isaac bell series?
What was \"India, Pakistan, and Bangladesh\" called before the partition of 1947?
What are some examples of endangered species in the tropical rainforest, and how do these differ from those in coastal deserts?
With all the Wikileaks against Clinton (i.e. voter fraud and voting machines), what\u2019s crazy about thinking she could cheat her way to the White House?
Can I send anyone for jio sim for with my mobile and proofs or Do I need to go there?
I am starting a new YouTube channel about Clash of Clans and I need content. What are some questions so that I can make new weekly videos?
I am going on a two month holiday to India and I would have lots of free time. What can I do to effectively spend my time there?
What happens when someone is half in the TARDIS and half out when it \"takes off\" whilst the protective shielding is down?
What is the DEFCON warning system, and what does DEFCON 4 stand for?
If I chew and spit throughout the day, the only full meal I eat is dinner, and I work out, why am I not losing weight?
What is the most critically and financially successful anti-conspiracy and pro-conspiracy book on the assassination of John F. Kennedy?
What is the definition of 'scrawny' and how is it used in a sentence?
Do officers ever feel bad to arrest people (who are otherwise honest) sell Marijuana and then see judges put them in jail for years?
In A Feast for Crows, is Littlefinger truly letting his guard down and trusting Sansa, as shown by showing how \"the game is played\"?
What are the most interesting products and innovations that Boston Properties is coming out with in 2016?
If I go to a small claims court representing myself and the defendant hired an attorney, will I lose even if the case is obviously in my favor?
Is there any way to join a Facebook group and not have others see what group you join?
Kendrick Mars is surely a fake and trying to net some scams, should be banned?
If my best friend break with me without telling a reason and after 1 year he start to respect me again, but without close relation. What should I do?
What's the difference between Forex money transfer and Western Union money transfer and PayPal?
What is the best way to read a text file and replace specific typed words while parsing in Java?
I just completed my first semester (branch: ECE) and I'm from an average college affiliated to VTU, which means no showcasing practical applications of things and the best company that visits is TCS. I want to make my four years worth their while. How do I do it? (Can't change college)
How do I manage when you are speaking in group discussion and one of participants cuts you before you place your point efficiently?
Let's say you are an atheist and you convert to Christianity.  If you want to convince your girlfriend or boyfriend to do the same and give it a chance to try and see if things could work between you both, but with God, what would you do to make that person try and give it a chance?
What causes some people to dream in black and white, and others to dream in color?
How can iOS 10 image photo recognition truely be all offline and local to the device if it needs to scan images and compare them to something else?
Why are there AA, AAA, C, and D batteries, but no B batteries?
The skin of my finger is infected and red because of a tight ring. How can I heal it?
How do you feel about the IT firm you are working for and what facilities do they provide?
Is an interracial relationship between a Caucasian man and an East Asian woman as common in the UK as it is in the USA?
If a person is no more troubling through social media and has blackmailed someone earlier through it will the investigations of the cyber crime stop?
I am 19 and I would rather die than live. I cannot afford to see a therapist and psychiatrist. How can I get through it on my own?
Which things a student should know about IITs and NITs before taking an admission in it?
Is it true that permanent shadows were formed during the bombing of Hiroshima and Nagasaki and that humans were vaporized in the kill zone? What is the cause of these permanent shadows?
Can you go to any undergrad 4 year university and get a BS in computer science then get into Harvard for a master's in CS?
How can I purchase iPhones from Oregon (no sales tax) and export them to other countries for a profit? Preferably immediately after an iPhone launch.
What is the difference between a marketplace and a platform? Examples are great!
What are some examples of likes and dislikes in an essay?
What is the colour change of methyl orange and phenolphthalein in acid, base, neutral solution?
What is the difference between normal function and inline function in c++ language?
What are the most interesting products and innovations that Universal is coming out with in 2016?
I want to lose weight but I cannot give up on white rice and potato. How should I lose weight?
Can anyone give me the full details of IES examination 2016,I am ECE student and want to prepare for IES exam through self studies?
What was the significance of the battle of Somme, and how did this battle compare and contrast to the Battle of Calabria?
What are the main differences in policies and programs between AIADMK and DMK?
Why does the earth rotate and what happens if it stops rotating?
If The Trump campaign raises a huge amount of money and then loses, what happens to the money raised?
Can I be Christian and an agnostic at the same time?
Where is the Baraka River located, and how does it compare to the Angara River?
How likely is it that we are going to go to war with Russia, and what should I do if it where to happen?
Which is a suitable inpatient drug and alcohol rehab center in Greene County AL?
What was the significance of Severus Snape and Lily Potter having the same Patronus?
What are the most interesting products and innovations that Ross Stores is coming out with in 2016?
I recently replaced my power steering pump, hose, and sending unit, my car was leaking PS fluid badly. It started again after 3 weeks. What is it now?
How do I break down a problem and solve it with the use of Java programming?
What are the essential technical, research, and business skills that UX designers need to have?
I have scored 7.8 cgpa in 10th , 74 percent in 12th and 8.12 cgpa in my B.tech. I am planning to give CAT2016. Can I get into any of the IIMs?
How can the drive from Edmonton to Auckland be described, and how do these cities' attractions compare to those in Regina?
The head of my penis is way too dry always and feels stretched when I take it out of the foreskin. What should I do?
What are the most common traffic convictions in Arkansas, and how does the severity of the convictions differ in Wisconsin?
What is it like to work at sales and analytics at Bloomberg?
You have eight balls all of the same size. 7 of them weigh the same, and one of them weighs slightly more. How can you find the ball that is heavier by using a balance and only two weighings?
Why does the U.S. bomb other countries civilians and create refugees, but refuse taking up the refugees?
What are the differences between conduction and convection? What are their similarities?
Where does the water from the Great Lakes come from, and how does these lakes wildlife compare to Lake Peipus?
What is ADC and DAC? How do you use ADC and DAC in the 8051 microcontroller?
I used to be smart. I am in college now and I think I am not smart anymore. Like it is gone somehow. What should I do?
I have been seeing this guy for three months and everything is going well. But he recently started to like his ex's status and pictures on Facebook. Is it a red flag or does it mean anything?
What are one way shear and two way shear in footings?
What is the difference between a senior section engineer and a junior engineer in the Railway exam?
In my room I have birds, photography and plants what should I use instead of cityscapes?
Assuming Nibiru is real, what would be the azimuth and elevation at which to watch for it?
What book would you suggest for learning HTML, CSS, PHP, and Javascript fast if I know C++ well?
Did crimes shown by Savdhan India, Crime Patrol, and other similar shows real?
Do you believe we live a computer simulation and if so do you know people that are just AI simulations?
What is the best way to learn how to do computer programming and what language should I learn first? (Specific books, courses, etc)
How do I start a tech, unboxing and review channel on YouTube?
Were John Lennon and Rachel Carson-\"Silent Spring\" assassinated by the FBI, like JFK and MLK because they were Bad for Business?
I dated girl a long way back who has become my colleague at work. We had a decent friendship but when I asked her to marry me, she rejected my proposal and we broke up. She is currently dating one of my close friends! I want to move on, but I must maintain a relationship with her, what can I do?
If Japan printed a quadrillion yen bill and outlawed inflation, would that get it out of debt?
In Texas, are there conditions under which one can legally make and deploy a homemade \"road spike strip\" inside their property?
Why currency sign is used before the number while writing and use it after the number while speaking?
Why is my crush staring at me and smiling and his friends push him into me?
I want to learn data stuctures and algorithms perfectly, which book is best for it?
Can we make a program that draw DFA and NFA diagrams based on that expression?
Is it really as bad living in Compton and other ghettos as movies, rappers and people from around there would have us believe?
How do I create a template for OpenStack heat auto-scaling and load balancing? What are some some links regarding this?
When is the best time to visit Dubai and for cheap flight fare?
How can the basics of shells and Unix be learnt? What are some sources?
Why do some people not develop muscle? Even when a healthy protein diet and good exercise routine has been implemented?
How do I stop learning programming languages and start learning how to program?
Its my 24th birthday today. No 1 wished me except one friend and parents.I have millions friends & not even my best friend wished me. What am I doing wrong?
How would the movie be if Karan Dharma Kama Johar had directed and produced the Hindi version of the movie Terminator 3?
What are the good diploma and post graduate programs for information technology and computing in the New Zealand?
Your friend has been using his father's two-wheeler without his permission. He is only 15 and has just offered to take you for a joyride too. How can you talk your friend out of this unsafe habit?
What is the minimum eligibility criteria for Texas Instruments India for a 4th year electronics and communication student? What is the hiring process like?
How is the technical interview for an electronics and communication engineer at Diebold?
Why doesn't SRK realize that he is getting old and start playing roles that suit his age?
What are the legal separation laws in PA and how do they compare with the ones in Connecticut?
What is a good inpatient drug and alcohol rehab center near Webster County GA?
My sister avoids sleeping at night because of nightmares, and I mean no sleep at all. Should I take her to the doctor?
Who is probably the best teacher for political science optional of UPSC in and around the Vijay Nagar area, New Delhi?
Which tool is best for SEO, IBP 11, and Web SEO? Is the usage of any tool good or bad?
Which are the best places to buy computer parts and accessories in Ahmedabad?
I do not have my parents' surname on the birth certificate and I am applying for a fresh passport. Will it create any problem?
Should I go for computer science and engineering at UCLA or computer engineering at UIUC?
How do you blaspheme against the Holy Ghost and why is it considered an unforgivable sin?
What is the difference between dependence, dominion, and sovereignty in regards to India?
What are the most interesting products and innovations that Public Storage is coming out with in 2016?
Daniel Ek: How did you came with the idea and how long did it take to build the first MVP?
Am I a bible literalist? I believe that the bible is God's word and definitely true but interpretations can be wrong, and I'm a theistic evolutionist?
I can currently run 10k race in 1 hour 5 minutes but have never run beyond 10 km. Can I prepare and participate in half marathon (21 km) in 2 months from now? How to go about it?
Is it possible to reverse atherosclerosis and calcification of the arteries?
How can I use Omegle on my iPod Touch and how is it compared to using BazooCam?
Who will win in a fight between (DC Comics) JLA and (Star Trek) USS Starship Enterprise?
Where can I get quality services for cleaning and polishing stone surfaces in Gladesville?
What is the best way to keep my home safe from water damage and suggest the best water proofing contractor?
When is it ok to force people to do things against their will if you are a liberal and wondering how much force you should advocate for?
How should we backup our old chat and all new messages on Hike after reinstalling it?
Using letters of the word TRIANGLE, how many 5 letter words can be made that have E and L side by side? Meaning not important, repetition not allowed.
If we define the distance between Earth and Pluto as one unit, how many units are between Earth and Proxima Centauri?
Often I feel like I need to talk with someone about life and how I feel. I don't find anyone, I feel alone and not appreciated. Who do I talk with?
If you were looking for companies who have a need for product and engineering design, how would you look for them?
How much time does accenture india take to give offer and joining letter after final selection?
How is Smirnoff vodka made, and how does Russian vodka differ from Swedish vodka?
Life: If given the chance to go ahead in life and change whatever you want, what would you change and why?
She is my best friend and tells me she loves me. She likes one of our other friends and he doesn't feel the same way and she's trying to get over him. I have every class with her and she keeps telling me that she loves me but isn't interested in dating me. What do I do?
Are ETFs a growing threat to mutual funds and active fund managers?
Which basic tools and resources are useful for starting up and managing an online business in the US, and what are the uses of each tool/resource?
Some people who are anti-gun often argue that european countries have strict gun laws and have less gun deaths/violence. Would this work for the U.S?
I want to lose 10 kgs in the next 3 to 4 months. How can I do so and get inspired that I have to do it?
What's the explanation of the connection between carbon and global warming in Layman's terms?
At what distance from earth's surface does \u02610 (standard gravity) end and zero gravity or weightlessness starts?
How can I create a new module in Odoo 8, and is there any difference between OpenERP7 and Odoo 8 to create a module?
What is a cover letter and how can you make one?
My girlfriend is still talking to her ex and they're going to call soon. What do I do? I don't want her to get hurt again.
I was caught by RPF for travelling in luggage compartment in Mumbai local train and fined. .Can this offence hamper my prospect UPSC civil services?
How do I burn video files in AVI, MP4 and MKV on to a DVD through my PC?
How would you explain the difference between the Normal and Poisson distributions to a layman?
What is the difference between methodology, approach, technique, method, framework, and tool when delivering improvement projects?
What is the Lewis structure of SiF4, and how does it compare to that of carbon?
Who are some lesser known important historical figures of the Bahamas and what should people know about them?
What are some mind blowing tools and things that most people don't know?
What kind of economy does Switzerland have, and how is Ireland's different?
If we cn find a nonzero function f suc that f(s) zeta(s) = f(1-s) zeta(1-s) if and only if Re(s) =1/2, taking limits as zeta(s) tends to zero implies RH?
How can we detect the programming language and technologies which are used for a site?
I have rushed directly to th10 from a max th8. I'm not able to farm and barely get any resources. Any tips on how to fix my base and improve the loot?
What is the difference between 'visual and communication design' and graphic or web design?
Is Google stock a good and safe investment for the next 10 years?
Internal IT auditing is so boring and painful but others say it's interesting and exciting.  What am I missing?
I have a crush on this white guy at school and I don\u2019t think he'll actually want to talk to me because im a black girl?
What are the regulatory requirements and what documentation is required to start an investment company?
.A cube is colored on the opposite faces blue, black and yellow. It is then cut into 36 cubes.Out of which 32 were small cubes and 4 where big cubes?
My fifa 14 was running smooth but as I want to play online I download origin and sign up after that fifa runs very slow?
What key differences exist between two and three phase electric power?
What is the difference between 'I completed the course' and 'I had completed the course'?
Is it a bad idea to register and use a .org domain if you do not own the .com?
What is the difference between USB 3.0 and USB 3.1 generation 1?
What is the most time efficient and effective way to study?
Should I read A Song of Ice and Fire or watch Game of Thrones first?
I want to buy a new laptop. My requirement is i5 processor. Min 4 GB RAM and at least 500GB HARD DISC. My budget is around Rs 50000-60000. Which is the best laptop in these configuration and budget?
If I'm passionate about marketing and self development, should I make two separate blogs or one?
What is the difference between red meat and white meat? Which one is healthier?
Should mba really required work experience can't I prepare for cat and after btech directly apply to well known iims/xlri?
How does a gay couple decide which one will be \"top\" and which one will be \"bottom\"?
What is the difference between PGPX and PGP programme in an MBA? Which is more beneficial to opt for?
If adapted to film how dark and violent would \"The Wheel of Time\" be?
Is it possible for fire to start and survive inside the human body?
How can I be a little less selfish and understand my boyfriend?
How do I replay a file recorded with an iPro-Max mic, adapter, Samsung Galaxy 7, and a free voice recorder app? Do I leave the mic plugged in to play?
What is the difference between MAPI and IMAP? How are they similar?
Will there be any problem if both the husband and the wife are of the same blood group (A+)?
How can I request my wife to shave her armpits and vagina in a manner that she may not feel bad?
What would happen now if people stop wearing clothes and live naked like in ancient times?
How do I hide my likes and comments from a friend on Facebook?
Edward Snowden has claimed that the phone companies can start your camera or microphone on your phone and get data even when it's turned off but has the battery inside, is that true?
So, I have this lady friend. In her early 20's. We have a platonic bond which means she confides personal stuff in me. She said she is perfectly fine with making out and enjoys it but when it comes to sex she has developed a hatred for it. What do you think can be the reason for it?
Is there a website in English that covers Japanese pop culture and is updated frequently with a wide range of information?
What is the salary of aircraft maintenance engineer and what is the duration of the completion of the course in India?
I logged into my girlfriend's computer and found out she is cheating on me. What should I do?
Where can I find the lost episode Tom and Jerry,\"tom's basement\"?
What is a good book (or website) that lists and explains the function (phenotype) of every known gene (plus enhancer regions and other important stuff)?
What do the highlighted circles around the phone and camcorder icons mean on FB messenger?
What can I do to gain weight? I wear size 30 pants and I want to go to the gym so that I can build my body, but I'm worried about my size.
If you can live without carbohydrates, but must have fat and protein to live (or so I've heard), then why are most edible plants rich in carbohydrates?
Comcast: What is Call Trace and how do I use it with my XFINITY Voice service?
How is Yes bank different from other banks in India and how does it manage to have higher interest rates? Is it safe to have an account in yes bank?
Can a Ukelele jingle be composed and recorded in Logic Pro X?
What was the significance of the battle of Somme, and how did this battle compare and contrast to the Battle of Ogaden?
Would a human survive longer in 50\u00b0C or -10\u00b0C ambient temperature, assuming the human is naked and in an environment with no shade or other temperature-modifying structures?
How would I go about hiring a team like Joanna and Chip Gaines from Fixer Upper (on HGTV) in my home town?
I like masturbating with the door open and people in the house. What could this mean?
How did the World War I Allied powers and Central powers compare?
What percent of people are single?  What percent of people are single and looking?  Single means totally unattached, not just unmarried.
Why are sex-loving men seen as machismo and admired, whereas sex-loving women are derisively called sluts?
How do I clear a driving test for a 2 wheeler and a 4 wheeler without getting any agent in between in Hyderabad?
What are the properties of amphipod silk and how does it differ from spider silk?
Do we need to self-attest \"original\" copy, then scan and upload documents in an Indian passport application?
What are the strongest majors in terms of job prospects and what are the weakest majors at Louisiana State?
How do I impress people and have a good impression on them?
What is a good software and SaaS product inventory management system?
Why would a pig eat bacon and how normal is it?
Which college is better out of the SIT, Dayanand Sagar, and the RNSIT for an CSE branch?
I do not know any programming language and I want to learn python, what are the prerequisites for learning it?
What will happen if RNA and DNA (combined) are put in a PCR?
Do Indian Saas Bahu serials affect women's (sometimes men also) thinking and unnecessarily makes them focus on useless topics? Are the number of divorces increasing because of this?
I was clean for 6 days after I used meth and my drug scree still showed 3,000 how is that possible?
What is the difference between education and financial education? Why does no one give importance to financial education?
What is the history of the Saini community and their origin? What is their present status (economic, political and social status) in India?
I read that grapes are toxic to dogs. My dog can eat grapes and it is no big deal. Is this normal?
How did Harry Potter make Marge blow up and float away, if he didn't verbally/physically cast a spell?
Which specialization for an M.S. in electronics and communication engineering has the best scope in Canada in terms of job demand and pay?
What are cultural differences between Assyrians and neighboring Kurds and Arabs in the Middle East?
Before getting blocked I sent a message in WhatsApp and it showed two ticks at that time. Can I see if the person has seen the message or not?
If there is a fight between Superman and Shaktimaan, who is going to win? How and why?
Should I sell an iPhone 6s and buy an iPhone SE?
What is the effect on current and voltage when connecting cells in parallel?
Is it bad to take your glasses on and off, or switch between different eyeglass prescriptions?
I took a leave from the office on Monday and now I have to take one on Friday (Sat-Sun off). What reason can I give?
There is this guy in my life. When people ask him if we are friends he hesitates to say yes, and we are very close, meaning we sleep with each other. In the past he has told me that we are not friends with benefits. We have even gone on vacation together. What do I mean to him?
Which Kpop company values their trainees' and idols' health to allow them to get sleep and not overwork?
How are placements for students in IIM's with 1-2 yrs experience in IT and are likely to get placed in which sector? Are they preferred for management consulting firms like McKinsey, Bain, BCG or Strategy&?
How do I satisfy my penis? I at times keep on masturbating, at times thrice in a row and it still keeps standing. How do I reduce sexual cravings?
There are 275 structures and 25 verb patterns in English. What is the difference between a structure and a verb pattern? Give a concrete example.
Why do many English learners make sentences and phrases more complicated than they need to be?
We want people to be able to e-mail themselves the documents they've worked on, so they enter their sender e-mail address and their receiving e-mail address (usually the same address) and then our system sends it via our SendGrid IP. The emails are being blocked. What are some ideas?
What should you do if you have a girlfriend of another caste with whom you have a physical relationship and that girl loves you very much, but you don't know if your family is gonna allow a girl of another caste in the family if you want to marry her in the future?
Is it wise enough to go for SSC CGL and SBI PO or IBPS exam 2017 simultaneously?
How do I start a thrift and credit society in India?
Are most of the Mainland Chinese and the Chinese population on Quora nationalist?
I am a student and would like to start investing in mutual funds and SIPs. How do I start? Which mutual fund is the best option?
What are the strongest majors in terms of job prospects and what are the weakest majors at Harvard?
Where is the Baraka River located, and how does it compare to the Salween River?
In an atomic structure, there are subatomic particles of protons, neutrons and electrons. In these three, which two of them have a similar mass?
What cultural value do Asian elephants hold in China today, and does this benefit their conservation?
My boyfriend has joined the Indian Army as an officer. We have been in a relationship for 7 years and my parents think that he is no more a suitable husband for me. I want to marry him. How will I convince my parents?
If I am driving the speed limit in the outside lane of the motorway/highway and someone is behind me, am I obliged to let them pass?
Why Indian Railways cant offer tea and coffee without sugar in all trains as in Aircrafts?
What is the difference between CAP and BASE and how are they related with each other?
Are there any tour packages available to Las Vegas and the Grand Canyon from Phoenix, AZ?
What advantages do men have that women don't have and what advantages do women have that men don't have?
Why did scientists invent and believe the Big Bang theory? The stuff and energy required for BB were already present from eternity when BB occurred.
How do I choose between job offer from company and industrial training from ISRO?
I bought a 1 litre bottle of Kinley water at a hotel and paid 60 Rs (printed rate is 20 Rs). I have the receipt. Can I sue them? How?
Where do the dresses go after being used in a movie by actors and actresses, what happened to those costumes after one time use?
Is there a significant difference between 16-bit and 24-bit in audio accessories?
What is the difference between K electron capture and an electron-proton collision?
What are some examples of ancient Roman technology, and how did they influence modern technology?
My H1B visa was approved, but I have not received my stamp yet. If I leave the U.S. now and work in Europe for a year (and get the stamp meanwhile) then come back to the U.S. for an MBA, can I be employed under my H1B visa?
What is the salary of prime minister and president of India?
Why do many Indian families (especially South Indians) write the professional degrees of the groom and bride (sometime parents' degrees also) in marriage invitations?
I am a hard-working person and I love what I do, but sometimes I feel lonely and sad. I feel like I just want to go away from people for some time. Why does this happen?
Who are some famous Indian architects and what are their best works?
What is the best time to post on Facebook and social media sites in India?
I'm looking to lose weight (for some obvious reasons); I'm currently 5ft5 and 172 pounds. Any diet plans or weight loss exercises that could help me?
What are the signs in Whatsapp when they blocked and deleted you from their phone book?
If humans coming out of Africa encountered and bred with Neanderthals, where did the Neanderthals come from?
Where can I get expert dust free floor sanding and polishing services in Bournemouth ?
What is a bin file and how does it differ from dat file and hex file?
I want an SMS service for my business. How do big companies like Google and Facebook send SMS? Are they charged? Or, is there any SMS service online?
Is it good to get an MBA in logistics and supply chain management?
Why does an animal cell explode when placed into a hypotonic, and get smaller when placed into a hypertonic solution?
Why is intentionally throwing money/objects on the ground and telling someone to pick it up bad?
My biggest dream is to live abroad for at least some years and discover the world while my girlfriend gets homesick after being abroad for 3 days. What should I do?
How much do the new notes of  rupee 500 and  rupee 2000 cost to RBI?
What are meristematic tissues and what are some eamples of them?
Why hasn't Israel been more proactive in training and arming Iranian dissidents and reformists to overthrow the theocratic regime in Tehran?
How do you show love and respect to someone you love?
What are the laws and regulations regarding bail bonds in Alabama and how does it differ from Arkansas?
What does it mean if you want to hate yourself more than you do, and have the people in your life blame everything that's happened to you on you?
Does Spotify intentionally make their ads obnoxious and annoying to try and get listeners to go premium, or do they just suck at creating ad spots?
Is Camille Paglia correct that (Third Wave) Feminism is divorced from reality, and it is Mother Nature, not men, that oppresses women?
What are similar alternative softwares for Filezilla and why are they a good option?
I met my crush of 15 years a few days back. Now I want to get into a relationship with her and make her my life partner. How can I do it so that she understands my emotions?
Why don't some boys in Delhi respect girls and instead treat them as sex objects?
What is the meaning of \"Thalaiva\" and how did Rajnikanth get this name?
I am preparing for the IIT-JEE but the eligibility age for the IIT-JEE is 17 years and I will give my final exams of class 12 at the age of 16. What should I have to do?
Do you feel destiny has and will be on your side?
Do you ever look in the mirror and say, \"hell yeah, I am so good looking\"?
How does a website works and how does it earns money ?
How well did Steve Jobs and Bill Gates get along with each other?
What would be the best MBA concentrations and programs for someone who majored in accounting and Management Information Systems?
Who won the debate between Hillary Clinton and Donald Trump on 9/26/2016?
I need some tips on how to write a gracious thank-you email to all my colleagues and acquaintance as I leave the organisation?
What is the second largest planet in the solar system, and how does its composition compare to Jupiter?
I have got EEE in NIT Calicut and IT in NSIT. Which one is better regarding the placements and future opportunities?
What is the difference between astronomy and physics, or between astronomers and physicists?
What is a suitable inpatient drug and alcohol rehab center near Champaign County IL?
Is there a way to see the viewing history and chat history in Google Docs?
What are some good places to make love and do stuff with your girlfriend in IIT Guwahati?
Is there any site or any torrent place to download full games for free and that does not require any further external files to start?
What is the difference between informal and formal sectors as against organised and unorganised sectors?
Which is a good inpatient drug and alcohol rehab center in Jackson County IL?
There are some people claiming that Iranians have mixed with Arabs and Mongols, but according to Wikipedia 85 percent of Iranian people are Aryan. Can this be true?
I feel angry, lonely, irritable, suicidal, worthless and hopeless. I hate my job and everything about my life. I just want to feel happy. How? What's happening to me?
Why is India very bad at Olympics and soccer despite a large population?
Is there any video of the Naruto soundtrack Strong and Strike from Toshiro Masuda including all the instruments?
Why is processed food like white bread and rice cheaper then whole wheat bread and brown rice when the process requires less work?
I have got 426 marks in NEET-2. I am from Bihar and OBC. Will I get government college under 85 percent state quota seats?
Are vampires real? If not, where and how did the idea of vampires originate?
How can I use naive evaluation and semi-naive evaluation work for this Prolog program?
What are some tips, tricks and gotchas when using Java 8 closures?
What are the similarities and differences in race relations between Brazil and United States?
What are the best tips and tricks for getting the most out of meetups and networking events?
How can a 20yr old Nigerian who is 5.7 and weighs 87kg lose 20kg within 3 months?
What is the difference between 33.33, 45 and 78 rpm for a record player?
What happens to all the leftover mini soaps and shampoos after you check out of a hotel?
My girlfriend is my best friend. And my parents don't allow me to go out with her or talk to her on the phone. So I lie to them whenever I do these things. I love her company and know that she's no hurdle in my career. Is lying to parents good or bad in this context?
Generated OTP multiple times over two days and have still not received the code. How do I get the Reliance Jio sim otherwise?
What was James D. Watson's and Francis Cricks contributions to DNA?
How do I regrowth my hair and stopped the hair less?
Suppose there is a planet that is 100 times bigger than the sun. If I hold and drop a hydrogen atom 10 million miles above the planet, how fast will the atom go when it reaches the surface?
Has anyone used power play fitness and notification band? Is it any good?
America will achieve racial equality when a black man equivalent to George W. Bush in demeanor, attitude, and intelligence is elected to the Presidency.  Do you agree or disagree?
I have a bachelor's degree in computer science and information technology. Can I take physics for a postgraduate study?
Had a 2nd great date that ended w a kiss and text that night. It's been 2 days and haven't heard a word. Is he playing it cool or not that interested?
In what order would human rights be removed from Germany, if Germany gradually got poorer, and could no longer afford sustaining all human rights anymore?
What is Ghat Kanchuki and what is its relation to Hinduism?
What are the major stereotypes people have about Turkey and to what extent are they true?
Jindal groups of companies: JSPL vs JSW and Jindal Energy, how similar looking names are related?
I am a MBBS graduate from Bangladesh with a 1 year internship completion and 6 month of work experience as a medical officer in Bangladesh. What is the process to start a job in Dubai even in non clinical career?
What was your biggest mistake when launching your mobile app, and in retrospect how would you have done it differently?
(When) Will it ever be socially acceptable to approach a stranger and ask if they are interested in sex?
I want to prepare a colorful travel booklet using pastel sheet and other decoration material about one of the cities. How should I do it?
How much saving is required pm if a man has turned 45 and now wants to start saving in order to have a good pension by 58?
Is Quora an experiment to gather natural and true human mind's data in order to educate AI in its process of deep learning?
What is the typical water pressure a household should have and what should I do If I have less?
Given that vector A +vector B+vector C=0 out of three vectors two are equal in magnitude and the magnitude of their vector is root 2 times that of either of the two having equal magnitude. What are the angles between the vectors?
What makes the GoPro so popular and versatile when there are thousands of other camera models?
Compared to bank po exams and CAT, how tough is aptitude section of ssc-cgl?
What are the best coffee shops in London and what makes them great?
I'm computer illiterate. How exactly do I copy pictures from the internet and insert them into Quora, step by step?
What form of business organization do the Republican and Democratic national parties take? LLC, Corporation?
What are the environmental impacts of the tourism industry and how does it negatively impacted Taipei?
Why would a Facebook friend show only the mobile icon and doesn't show when they were last active?
How did kanan gill faced the family pressure and relatives' \"taane\" when he quit his job to pursue comedy?
What are your views on ban of 500 and 1000 rupee notes in India?
What are some examples of soluble and insoluble substances in water?
Is the syllabus of the GATE exam and the IES for civil engineering the same?
Is it possible to change your first and second name in Sweden?
What is the role of prayer and worship in the context of Advaita Vedanta?
What are the pros and cons of open sourcing an SDK?
Are American social racial issues self propagated by the constant reminders and at large public attention over ethnic differences?
Why am I interested in math and science but I am not brilliant at them?
If you could afford the time and money, would you change your way of life?
What is the angle of intersection of the curves x^2=4y[/math] and y^2=4x[/math] at point (0,0)[/math]?
How much does it cost to open and setup a gym in Delhi NCR?
If I send a message on Line and delete it, will the receiver see the message?
What does it mean to you to live life to the fullest and enjoy? What do you do to accomplish this?
Do you have a sugar glider and if so would you recommend it as a wonderful pet?
What is the difference between B.Com and BAF and which one is better?
What will be the effect of the ban of the 1000rs and 500rs notes on the stock market?
I'm 26 year old male having baldness in crown Area and somewhat infront. I just recently had hair STM treatment in batra. Can I use minoxidil now?
I am a chemistry grad who want to pursue system biology, which part of computer science and mathematics should I learn? What programming language is the most useful?
I took Susten 200mg tablet because my periods got delayed and forgot to take Dronis20 tablet after that, why are my periods back after 7 days of gap?
How does one prepare for the logical reasoning and verbal ability section in any entrance exam?
Am I able to type a bigger statement on Quora? I'm on iPhone and it limits me to a character limit.?
Is there any Android apps have the best design and user interaction like haptik app?
Do you think it's worth to invest in debate education (oral and written argument skills) during middle school years?
Why does a small piece of earwax sometimes do a bizarre and very intricate, long dance if you drop it into a toilet bowl?
I stopped singing for 10 days, when I sang I got to sing up to C#5, and after 2 days I got back to only hitting A#4, how could I get these notes back?
Does the empirical relationship between the mean, the median and the mode satisfy the ungrouped data?
If I record a video on an app, not my camera and then I delete it,will the fbi or anybody else be able to see it?
Is it unhealthy to sleep in the day and work in the night?
How are careers in nutrition changing and what's necessary to stay current?
Why do so many Southeast Asian countries have a variation of pork and egg dish. What is the origin of this dish?
What is the difference between electric field, electric potential, and electric potential energy? And how are they all related?
I have a copy of my friend's WhatsApp database file on my PC and it doesn't have a key. How can I open that crypt12 file on my PC?
What is the possibility of war between India and Pakistan after surgical operation?
How do I get rid of bad and negative thoughts about God?
What is meaning of B2B and B2C in a travel agency software?
What are good open source projects to contribute and improve my math and programming/algorithmic skills?
Did the #RaceTogether program ever go live at Starbucks and if so, what were people's experiences with it?
Will the Sanders campaign organization continue operating, and support like-minded Democrats in the 2018 congressional primaries?
How can the drive from Edmonton to Auckland be described, and how do these cities' attractions compare to those in Calgary?
What is the difference between objective and subjective thought, consciousness, mind, universal view, etc.?,
What are the different social classes in India and the subclasses within a class? And how does one distinguish among them?
How safe is Papua New Guinea, and how does it's crime rate compare to Australia's?
What is a suitable inpatient drug and alcohol rehab center near Ida County IA?
How Do I removal Virus CAll 18002201041 and Malware from Windows 10?
What kind of conversation and questions should you ask your partners parents?
How do you compare and contrast the properties of acids and bases?
Is it compulsory to wear a saree in the IAS interview and training? Are salwar suits not permissible?
I am 18 years old and I want to buy a phone with good camera, battery life and sleek. My budget is 15000 INR. What phone do you suggest me to buy?
Is there a way to get an H1B at a university and simultaneously work on creating a company?
I am 28 with a steady medium income. I have no loans at all and thinking about investing my money. Considering that my knowledge is very basic, where should I start and what should I know?
If there is a risk of schizophrenia to children and pregnant women with litter boxes, would it worsen adults already having this disorder?
What is the difference between inter-molecular hydrogen bonding and intra-molecular hydrogen bonding?
What are the strengths and weaknesses of the Dota 2 hero Puck?
How does one become an oil and gas magnate a la Roman Abramovich?
Is it true that NASA rejected the Big Bang theory and accepted the vedic explanation ?
Entrepreneurship: It has been 4 years now and I am still building my 3 SAAS products. They are in good shape but I am not able to market them and generate revenue. Is there anyone else in my situation? If yes, what's happening with you and why do you think you are stuck?
I have an acoustic electric guitar, a decent vocal mic and  dollar 1,000. What other gear should I buy to build a killer portable live rig for small gigs?
What causes foot cramps to be so intensely painful that toes curl and get out of alignment as pain increases?
Why are Judy and Kyle absent in Pok\u00e9mon Ranger and Tbe Temple of The sea manga?
If the government intentionally caused financial damage and their scheme was kept secret for decades, does the statute of limitations apply?
Will the GOI fund the cost of education only for IAS, IPS and IFS officers or also for IRS officers?
My girlfriend wants an MFM threesome and I don't, but she can't take a no for an answer. I love her and she loves me and we won't break up. We'll get married in a year or so. What should I do?
Which is best between IIT Bombay and Bilkent university turkey for PHD in engineering?
What are ways to slip to avoid a jab and right cross in boxing or Muay Thai?
If a person who is overweight goes to the gym and eats healthy small portions of food will they still put on weight?
What are Series A, Series B and Series C round of funding?
How can I use my kitchen aid mixer and not have the ingredients fly everywhere?
Why there is no significance in chnge in entropy and internal energy for solid or liquid?
My father is going to retire after 2 months and i am 17year old boy , we don't have a place to live and I am repeating Neet 2017?
What dialects are spoken in the Philippines and which one is considered the national language?
I am confused between Vivo V5 and Oneplus 2 which one is better?
Does soap kill bacteria or just clean off bacteria and viruses? How does the hand washing process really work?
What are the meanings of \"semper fi\" and \"oorah\" chants associated with the U.S. Marines?
What are the best designed and managed developer communities, and what tools were used to build them?
How will black money and corruption be stopped by banning 500 and 1000 notes?
Should 'English' becomes the only language we read, write and speak eliminating all other languages throughout INDIA?
My iPhone 6 has been charging weirdly. It drops the battery even while plugged in and sometimes takes a while to charge. Why is this?
What is the meaning of *ptr and *ptr++ in C Language?
What is the difference between the marketing concept and the production or product concept?
How much can I earn monthly from a tech blog based on my Angular, Node, MongoDB, and Express [MEAN] interests? What things do I need to remember to make more money from my blog and attract more visitors?
What is the difference between \"the society\", and just the word society without the article?
What are arguments for and against women being free with their bodies?
Suggest me an laptop which is suitable for little gaming and engineering also durable at an budget upto 57k?
What are the most interesting products and innovations that Rogers is coming out with in 2016?
What was peasant clothing like in the 18th century, and how did it compare to the peasant clothing of other time periods?
A gentleman decided to distribute sweets to kids in his town. Out of the 612 children in his town, half of the girls and three fourth of the boys were present to take the sweets. The man distributed 12 sweets to each girl and 12 sweets to each boy. Determine the total sweets distributed by him?
What is the Police report has been submitted by your respective Thana and is under review at Commissioner Of Police, District Thane City?
What is the difference between sex and masturbation when it comes to pleasure?
Why India doesn't wage a war on Pakistan and sort our Kashmir issue at once?
How do I find information about the details about passport application and the processes to get passport into hands?
Write a C program to read a line and print it reverse using recursive function?
I'm starting a new job this week. Today I was informed by Google that the phone interview I gave last week went well and they want to bring me onsite. Google is my dream company. What should I do?
How would a war between Russia and China play out? Who would win?
How do I quit asking bad questions and start asking great questions?
What was the significance of the battle of Somme, and how did this battle compare and contrast to the Battle of Petsamo?
What are examples if interesting and creative trades done by Goldmans Sachs prop desk?
How will Hurricane Matthew's impact on Florida, Georgia, South Carolina, and North Carolina affect the 2016 presidential election?
If someone appears in your people u may know on fb and then stops appearing, What could be the reason?
I want to start both Game of Thrones the TV show and the books. Should I take them as separate canons seeing as there are apparently differences?
If someone starts a fight with me and hits me or stabs me (they act first) and I kill them (immediately vs struggle) what are the legal repercussions?
What is the difference between i3, i5, i7 and 2nd gen, 3rd gen, 4th gen, 5th gen?
I like this woman who often looks at me. Sometimes I catch her when she does and she turns around fast and I often stare at her too. Does she like me? I don't know her or have never approached her before, so what should I do?
What would Voldemort have done if he survived and escaped at the end of the 7th book instead of dying?
Is the mind largely a recursive phenomena? What are the arguments for and against the mind being a recursive structure?
How can I forget about my ex. When she has hurt me and keeps doing it yet I still call her and text her and go to herbhiuse to see her?
How do I post a project and hire freelancers from addanyproject website?
Why didn't all the asteroids between Mars and Jupiter clump together, accrete and form planets instead of remaining billions of separate pieces?
What is the difference between the Octa-core 2.0 GHz Cortex-A53 processor and the Quad-core 1.5 GHz Cortex-A53 & Quad-core 2 GHz Cortex-A57 processor? Which is faster?
How can I fall asleep while standing up and subconsciously allow my leg muscles to contract?
What are some books that are amazing and have changed your life and way of thinking?
What is the difference between a bank account balance and credit card balance? Are they at ALL related?
Would a laptop with i3 processor with 930M gpu and 8 GB RAM be able to run games like COD, FIFA etc at medium setting?
What are tonsil stones and how can I get rid of them naturally?
What is the difference between Continuous Cantilever and Balanced Cantilever Bridge Structure?
Why are there different varieties of Turf and what are the used for?
Should I get a chemical skin peel? I have acne on one of my cheeks and my forehead. My cosmetologist insisted that I get a skin peel. Is it effective in removing acne? Is it harmful (I'm 19)?
Why do bolts and nuts not get welded, when both are the same metal and their crystal structure is the same?
What is the nearest airport to Daytona Beach, and how do this cities tourist attractions compare to Jacksonville's?
Between what ages is it seen as acceptable to move out of your parents' home in the US and the UK? After what age is generally frowned upon if people are still living with their parents?
I loved two girls at the same time, one a little more and the other a little less. Unfortunately I proposed to the one I loved less and she has said yes. But I want to be with the other girl now. What should I do?
What is the difference between C, C++, Java and Python in layman's terms?
How safe is the campus at Texas A&M and should anything be done to make it safer?
Do you see machine learning as overhyped, similar to cloud computing and blockchain, or is the excitement valid?
I am confused by Docker Toolbox and Docker for Mac, what exactly the difference between them?
What is the point of having separate male and female tournaments in chess?
What if the axis had won at Stalingrad and carried out case blue?
This girl keeps talking to me and she wants more than casual coneration what do I do?
After me and my ex broke up he only talked about his old crush. We stopped contact then for 2 months, until he texted me and asked for emotional help. I agreed to talk and this went on for 2 weeks until he said we shouldn't talk because he had feelings for me when we talked. Now I miss him. Should I tell him?
How is evidence-based medicine failing and does it differ from conventional medicine?
What are some of the best Indian government jobs and news websites where I can get notifications about Indian government jobs and news?
How long can someone live with cancer and without receiving any treatment?
What is it like being a mother with bipolar disorder and having a child or children who do not have bipolar disorder?
I am currently in class 12th PCB. And I want to become a designer like interaction designer and want to work with Google. So what should I do?
A person is suffering from neck pain, shoulder pain on left side, mild pain in the arms and legs but the pain is severe around the neck region on the left side. How can he get cured? Who should he consult?
What will be the positive effect of banning 500 and 1000 rupees on Indian economy?
What are the strongest majors in terms of job prospects and what are the weakest majors at Eastern University?
Can one person apply for the H1B Visa and a NIW based Green card at the same time?
Why do the rich get richer and the poor get poorer?
Do you also think achieving telekinesis power would be the strongest thing and nothing would be impossible to do with the power?
What career path should I take and what college major is the most appropriate?
What are the differences between primary memory and secondary memory of a computer?
I am student in Kota. of 13 and I am very much frustrated and not feeling like studying anymore., help me?
What can I buy with a credit card and return for cash somewhere else?
What is syllabus of cdec exam and this year when it will held?
I dreamt about a girl I really loved. She was running, making a 8 shape, I hugged her, and she had a tattoo, the infinity symbol, what does it mean?
Does BITS Pilani offer a course in integrated Math and Statistics like ISI Kolkata? The BITS Pilani website mentions only Mathematics?
How much native Icelandic and advanced Icelandic learners can read and understand Old Norse?
I am 25.5 year old boy with a B.Com in a sales job having a package of 4 LPA. I will be married in less than a year. I want to quit my job and start my own business with the savings I have of 2 Lakh. Is this an ideal situation to take a risk?
What are the cases of pyran and furan rings with riboses?
If we were both too drunk to consent to sex and had sex anyways, are we both guilty of rape?
Why do we have to make our penis go in and out of a vagina for ejaculation?
I am studying management as it is my fisrt year and it is very boring for me as I am interested in engineering, what is your opinion friends?
What is a good inpatient drug and alcohol rehab center near Nash County NC?
How can I use Omegle on my iPod Touch and how is it compared to using Slutroulette?
What is the importance of education to the United States and how are their views of education different from China's?
Have you ever been to a public sauna in the Netherlands and if so, what are your thoughts about it?
How much green, red and blue is there in white light?
Where do graduates of Yale's philosophy and psychology combined PhD program end up?
What are the medical requirements to become a pilot and shall we start pilot training at the age of 27?
What is a consecutive calendar day and how is it related with the Bulgar calendar?
Why signals with same frequency interfere and with different frequency don't?
Which is a suitable inpatient drug and alcohol rehab center near Gem County ID?
Every time after I take a shower my cat gets excited and rubs frantically against my legs, nibbles and licks them and purrs. Is that a particular quirk of my cat or something normal in cat behaviour?
My boyfriend's Facebook page has been hacked and he no longer has access to his email address as it was set up by his ex girlfriend and Hotmail will not reset it as we don't have enough info. What are some suggestions?
If a woman does not seem to take interest in a man, can he fulfill his need to feel cared using ASMR videos and his sexual needs using porn, without ever needing an actual woman?
What is an analog signal and what is a digital signal?
My friend said waxing makes the hair grow thicker and darker. What is the best way to have smooth skin without hair?
If I friend someone on Facebook and they don't accept, but somehow I'm 'following' them and can see their wall, how does this work?
What is the estimated total cost of getting a driving license in your country and is Singapore driving license the most expensive one in the world?
In a triangle ABC, the altitudes from A,B, C meet BC,AC and AB at D,E, F.Prove that perpendicular bisector of EF also bisects BC.How to prove it?
How can I remove coffee from a light colored carpet? I've tried a carpet cleaner and it just brings more of the coffee into the fibers.
Is scrapping Rs.500 and Rs.1000 currency notes to fight black money and corruption a good decision or a bad decision?
I think I am a psychopath because I can turn emotions on and off. Does it mean that I am split mind?
Who is the richest person in Haiti and how did he make his money?
I initiated a transfer of money from my bank account to my PayPal account, and it says will will take 5-7 days to do so. How do I cancel this?
Why should I keep the profit and loss statement for my cannabis business private?
How do you heal drugs, food and betting and slots addictions?
If you run an online business (ecommerce) through a UK company, while processing payments and doing settlement of funds with through an EU bank, are there any tax implications? Is it considered offshore and free of taxes?
Why does the Kern River go North and South instead of East and West like most other rivers in the Sierra Nevada?
How do I get clients for a website designing and development company in Overseas?
How can you console someone who is in a deep state of guilt and sorrow after they've driven over and killed their beloved cat or dog?
What can be the solution to gender inequality, hypocrisy, and proper gender justice in India?
Without money of my own (<5,000 usd) and no assets, how do I exploit my insights economic cycles and business opportunities?
What is the difference between CID and the crime branch of India?
What is the average salary of fresher and experienced computer engineer in Nepal?
What is it like to fail again and again at job interviews?
Formula 1: Was the animosity between Ayrton Senna and Alain Prost in the documentary Senna (2010) exaggerated?
How many of you had extra marital affairs and are now married to the person?
What ingredients are needed and what is the brewing process to make a pilsner style beer and how does this compare to a dark style beer?
Have you ever met someone you knew after a long time and realized they have changed drastically? Please describe the incident
I'm having trouble understanding the difference between RMSE and RSE in statistics. What is the intuition behind each? When are they each used?
Which app can I use to lock gallery and messages in My Samsung Note 6?
When I open a pop-up everything behind the page goes black, and I can only see the pop-up. What are these pop-ups called?
I messed up my electrical exam and hoping a 32 overall sem marks.Will I pass?
Where are bulova watches made and how are they manufactured made?
I feel like my girlfriend is becoming less and less interested in me. What can I do to stop this? How can I make her interested?
I really want to become a pilot. I am 15 years old and I want to know the steps to becoming a commercial pilot?
I am an American who wants to relocate to England. What are the steps I need to take and places I should look to acquire a job/career in England or Great Britain?
What if we weren't the original people of earth and we killed off a race to have earth?
What are my online options to learn Abstract Algebra, Real Analysis, and other math classes that are not offered in Community College?
How do I make new friends? I am now single & want to hang out and chat with new people. Old friends are busy in their college life.
What is the difference between velvet, velour, and velveteen, from a structural standpoint?
History of Europe: Given that UK ruled the Earth 150 years ago and won most wars, why isn't it much richer than, say, Germany?
What does it mean?  \"You were red, and you liked me because I was blue But you touched me, and suddenly I was a lilac sky Then you decided purple just wasn\u2019t for you? \"
In Google Maps, what do the different colors like orange, red and blue signify in a particular route?
What type of government does France currently have and how has it benefited the country?
Is it wrong to give kids who are trick-or-treating and not wearing costumes lower quality candy for Halloween?
How can you remove viruses and malware from an iOS device?
My dad is having h pylori infection. But he is allergic to ampicillin, cloxacillin and tetracycline. What triple therapy can I give?
I'm 14 years old and I weigh 74 kg. Can I gain 4.6kg muscle and lose 15kg fat if I go to gym for 2 months?
How will the GST bring more tax revenue for the indian government and yet less burden for the industry?
How can I keep drinking tea and prevent my teeth from getting stained?
What are the kind of viruses that affect Android and what are the kind of changes I need to look for if my phone is infected?
I am not able to perform in my office. My probation is increased and I am under constant monitoring. Lot of pressure. I don't like my job what to do?
What are the pros and cons of BHIM app over Phone pe?
What happens when neutral is not grounded in an line to ground fault and what happens when zero sequence components do not flow?
How much does it cost to solve crime and what amount of money has been spent on it?
How many protons, neutrons, and electrons does nitrogen have? How is this calculated?
Which is better, either I complete my BTech first from IT and then do an MBA or in another scenario, first I take a job for some time and then do an MBA?
What is solid pack pumpkin, and how does it compare to pumpkin pie filling?
Why did Ser Arthur Dayne insist on fighting Ned Stark and his men at the Tower of Joy if he knew his King was dead & the War was lost?
How can I stop asking and answering questions anonymously on Quora?
I never cursed and it's a good thing I know. But my friends always say bad words and I feel so behind. Should I learn how to curse like they do?
I feel numb and dizzy when someone close to me yells at me. It makes me nervous and grasping for air. How do I change?
What is actually the 'Land Acquisition Bill 2015' and why it is coined as an Anti Farmer-Pro Industrialist Bill by the Indian Print Media?
I have a dell laptop with 4GB ram 500 GB hard disk space built in graphics card and Intel core i5 processor. what type games can I play on this?
I have a mole on my glans penis.it doesn't hurt, bleed and pain.moreover its kinda dark blackish-brown spot.anything to worry?
I have dark circles below my eyes. In fact, I always used to sleep 6-7 hours a day and have no smoking or drinking habits. How can I get rid of them immediately?
I am an electrical engineering graduate and right now working in an it firm. What are the basic things that I must know?
I'm 23 and thinking of dying because my life is so depressing and will never change. How can I live a purposeful life where I enjoy things?
What are the \"good news of the ransom\" and the \"good news of the Kingdom\" taught in the Christian Greek Scriptures?
Can I get pregnant a day before my period and still have my period?
If Sunni and Shia both pray from the same Quran, where and what differences can you describe so that a non-religious person can understand?
What are the possible causes of coughing and spitting up blood and how it can be treated?
What German adage means roughly, \"Mountains and valleys never meet, but people do.\"?
I had sex the day my period was due and then it never came. You can't get pregnant on your period right?
Is the scene in which Hannibal Lecter opens up the skull and eats the brain realistically possible?
If asked to do a comparison between LOTR (Lord of the Rings) and The Hobbit, which one would you rate better and why?
How much force (not torque) is require to push a 5 lb wheel, with a radius of 8 inches and a friction coefficient of 0.6, at a speed of 8 inches a second?
What is the difference between taking physics, chemistry and maths higher level in IB diploma and taking the same subjects (PCM) in CBSE?
How does a fighter jet lock onto and keep track of an enemy aircraft?
Do you know any websites show English movies and English series with English subtitles because I need to improve my English?
What is the travelling time between New Delhi metro station and Dwarka Sec 21 metro station through the DMRC airport line? Can I use a DRMC smart card to travel in this line?
What is the nearest airport to Daytona Beach, and how do this cities tourist attractions compare to Memphis'?
What does the term 'placental mammal' refer to and what are some common examples of the term?
Foreign Exchange Market: What is the easiest way to convert Bitcoin to GBP and withdraw it from a bank account (without need for ID verification process)?
U.S. Congress: Why do we have both a Senate and House of Representatives?
Terminations: Should an employee, not delivering results and given all chances, be surprised when fired?
Is there a general approach to make lazy and spoiled people act the way I want them to?
How is Bolivia's geographical location unique in the region, and how does its geography compare to that of other countries?
I submitted a passport application without uploading the documents and I already paid and booked the appointment. What do I do? Is it going to create a problem?
What is the climate of California's coastal regions, and how does it compare to the climate in Texas?
How do you stop loving a person who has hurt you and broken your heart so many times?
What is the difference between mindfulness and focusing on breath meditation?
How do I show that the points (3, -1), (5, 4), (-5, 8)[/math] and (-7, 3)[/math] are the vertices of a rectangle and draw a rectangle?
Is the meaning of the word 'Quora' and how did its creator came up with it?
What effect, if any, does the difference between 50 Hz and 60 Hz standards in Japan have on the functioning of electrical appliances?
What is the longest roller coaster in the United Kingdom and how does it compare to the longest roller coaster in Mexico?
Is there a way to reliably transfer my WhatsApp messages and media from Android to iPhone?
What flags have red, green and yellow in them? What do they mean?
I checked out a home services contractor on Yelp.  There were about 15 reviews, all five-star and all gushing. What should I think of this company?
Today i consult a doctor regarding my hair fall and baldness he writes medicine for me can anyone tell me should I try these or not?
What is a good inpatient drug and alcohol rehab center in Worth County IA?
What sports are played in China and why are they played the most?
If a movie were made on the life and career of an Olympic Gold Medallist, what would be its opening and closing scene?
Why don't I see gated communities and townhouses in NYC like they have in Florida?
Do I make myself unattractive as a woman by being too nice and caring? Do I need to play games in order to be attractive?
What are the requirements to become President in the United States and how are the requirements different in Russia?
Which Company provides best Christmas and New Year offer on PSD to HTML Service?
My friend proposed to a girl who was my best friend and she rejected him, now she loves me and proposed to me. Should I accept her or not?
What will be the impact of scrapping of  rupee 500 and  rupee 1000 rupee notes on the real estate market?
What are the most interesting products and innovations that Spirit Realty is coming out with in 2016?
Can super saiyan 3 turn off the blond and have a long black hair?
How many wheelchairs, leg braces and crutches get stolen in America?
I have a gap of 5 years in my studies. I got 93 percentile in CAT and got calls from several colleges but couldn't convert any.What should I do?
Does Google data mine enrepreneurs and inventors using their search engines to preempt their innovation?
I'm 15 and in high school. Which is better, have some friends and work on your career or be popular and get the ladies?
How effective are the current methods of detecting and punishing corporate crime?
In a war between USA and India, could USA defeat India and occupy it?
Where can I learn front and back end web development to make a website?
How do investors in the TV shows like The Shark Tank and The Profit liquidate their investments?
What are the average and maximum packages out of IIM A/B/C?
Adarsh vatsa was accepted at Cornell. How did he made it and Did he win any Olympiad and what were his ecs that made his application strong?
What are the most interesting products and innovations that ANSYS is coming out with in 2016?
My note 2 has a custom ROM installed. If I reboot it , it gets stuck at the boot animation and then I have to factory reset it to fix it. WHY?
How do you explain NP Complete and NP-hard to a child?
How do you get over a girl you can't stop thinking about and had a past with to the point where you can't stop thinking about her every hour of the day?
How can you be both ambitious and happy with what you have at the same time?
Can someone confirm if Dhosi Hills (Haryana and Rajasthan border) an extinct Volcano or not?
How does the positioning of stars and planets affect our lives?
What is the difference between mixed mode and semi-mixed mode in parallel runway operations?
How do I ask someone to hangout with me if I am depressed and never wanna do anything or be around anyone?
Where is the Bermuda Triangle located and what is the mystery that surrounds it?
A teen asked her mom t dye her hair, mom refuse she left the house and didn't come back, mother slapped her she yelled at her mom whys she doing this?
What game takes more analytic skills and abilities, chess or poker?
Do asexual people like Nikola Tesla exist and what at all is asexuality?
Which are the biggest oil and gas brokerage company in world?
If a child don't get the love from parents in childhood, and now she doesn't get the love from the boys she love.then there is hatred, how to change?
Why India has managed to progress over the past sixty years and why Pakistan remains so far behind?
Why didn't God in Abrahamic religions take trouble to take birth on earth and set examples to world by way of his life as God do in Hinduism?
What are some large corporations whose main business involves B2B sales to small and medium sized businesses (lets say <100 employees)?
What is a daily habit that you developed and found to be really great? What change did it bring?
What is the importance of education to the United States and how are their views of education different from Australia's?
Why, despite losing elections, are Arun Jaitley and Smriti Irani given such important portfolios such as finance and HRD in Modi's cabinet?
Can I be both a Web designer and a Web developer?
What will happen If China and Pakistan Attack India at the same time?
How can you explain, in simple terms, that time doesn't exist and the past, 'now' and future exist simultaneously? Why do we perceive time and cannot perceive what is really there? If time doesn't exist, why do we age?
What is the formula of brake horsepower (BHP) and indicated horsepower (IHP)?
It is a 7-letter word. Girls like it, boys use it and parents hate it. What word is it?
Why is that after using my laptop for 3 years and 3 months I begin to hear my cooler and hdd working and in the first 2 years almost never and silent?
What is the difference between IMAX 3D and IMAX (movie formats)?
How do you find your zodiac sign in between date wise of birth and star wise? Which is the best one to follow?
What are the best way to learn and get a job as SQL/ETL developer?
Why does a message say sent and not delivered on Facebook Messenger?
In the feud between the Crips and Bloods, is one side winning?
In a class of 100 75 have bike 45 have car and 35 have both how many of them dont have anything?
I am a mechanical engineering student in my 3rd year. I want to become an automobile designer, but I am studying from a local college and this is not so good for achieving this goal. What should I do about this?
I ordered something on Amazon and I cancelled before it got dispatched, will I be refunded and how long might it take?
Could you have a room with zero g and enough air to breathe? If not why is that?
Why is Muslim world finding it so difficult to acknowledge contributions and achievements achieved at the time of Fatimid's during their reign for the Islamic world as well as for everybody else?
What are the taxes I have to pay in India if I transfer money to a NRE account (my account) and to a normal saving account (my family member's account)?
Which is best institute for software testing in pune and mumbai with good placement?
What are the differences between UPVC and PVC? What are the similarities?
Conspiracy Theories: Who are the Illuminati and do they really control the world?
If he had such a good time on our date that he had to kiss and text the second it ended, why would he radio silence me for 3 days now?
How safe is Papua New Guinea, and how does it's crime rate compare to Andorra's?
What do you think about people around you and your country in general?
How should I interact with someone whom I respect and look up to but don't want to appear needy around?
Marvel Comics: Who are Black Bolt and the Inhuman Royal Family?
What is the difference between Devadasis and Jogatis in Hindu context?
Why do only selected topics have recognized topic biographies and when will the rest of the topics have this feature?
I recently met one girl at my workplace and I like her. She gave me her number, so how do I approach her?
Why would printing lots and lots of money cause inflation when the federals lose trillions and it goes unaccounted for, but there's never a change in the economy?
What does it mean when your ex-crush stares at you and tries to get your attention?
How does New Horizons decide \"when\" and \"where\" to take a photograph?
What is the origin of the word \"mate,\" and why do British people have a tendency to call each other that?
What is content marketing, and how is it different from traditional marketing?
How can I connect posts on WordPress? I published a Chinese post in the China site and I want to connect the English version in d English posts to it
What are the best books for the SAT and the TOEFL (please do not mention too many only 2 or 3)? How do I prepare for the SAT and the TOEFL as I am preparing to give the TOEFL in September and the SAT in December this year?
Where can I find a 3DS emulator and a Pok\u00e9mon Omega Ruby ROM?
If I sign-in to LinkedIn in an Incognito window, and then look at few other profiles, will I appear in the \"who viewed your profile\" list?
What is the difference between those that believe what they see, and those that see what they believe?
What are the similarities and differences between Disney World and Disneyland?
What are the most innovative, unique and crazy civil engineering projects ever done?
Which is the best website design and development company in Delhi NCR?
If a PC A has 2.0GHz clock speed and PC B has 4.0GHz, is PC B twice as fast as PC A?
Game of Thrones Season 4 Episode 1 (Two Swords): Why do Tywin and Tyrion allow the crazy Dornish guy (Oberyn) into town in the first place, given how (understandably) vengeful Oberyn is?
I'm 17 years and 3 months old, I'm 176.5 cm, my dad is 175 cm and my mum is 165 cm, can I grow to 179 or 180 cm in 4 years?
How can I join the military if I've been Baker Acted before and am on medications for anxiety, depression, and ADHD?
If the second derivative is (3-x) ^2 and y'=4, y=-3, x=2, what's y?
What is the difference between tangential velocity and the velocity of the center of mass and difference between angular and tangential acceleration?
What are the advantages and disadvantages of the Transatlantic Trade and Investment Partnership (TTIP) for the US and the EU?
Why do some liberals resort to name calling and other bullying tactics when someone disagrees with their points of view on issues?
Why is fertilizer measured in N, P2O5, and K2O instead of N, P, and K?
What does an IAS exactly do and what is his or her salary?
Why don't we see many Salman Khan fans on Quora while SRK and Aamir have a good number of fans?
If you could go back to any point in the last hundred years and whisper in the ear of a world leader, what would you say, and to who?
Is it possible to take commerce with maths and physics in cbse for 11th and 12th?
Has the influence of the Japanese in science and math been underestimated?
How do I become more social and stop caring about what other people think of me?
What is the salary and perks of an LIC AAO during training and after training?
Who are some lesser known important historical figures of Ecuador and what should people know about them?
What is a difference between a small bank and a payments bank? And the need for it?
What is the Android emulator and what are uses of it?
What are the connections between \"The Hobbit\" and \"The Lord Of The Rings\" other than the same author?
What are some basic graph theory questions (BFS/DFS/SCC/shortest paths/topo/that sort) from online judges like SPOJ and CodeChef, in increasing order of difficulty? I'm not good at even identifying graph questions.
What are the strongest majors in terms of job prospects and what are the weakest majors at Cal State Los Angeles?
What is the difference between foreign direct investment (FDI) and foreign portfolio investment (FPI) .? Which one of these is better for the developing countries?
Why do oceans have salt water and the great lakes do not?
I recently had a serious misunderstanding with my boyfriend, my only love. After 2 years of a relationship, he gave me all my things back and said he might need to think about what we mean to each other. Is he trying to break up with me?
Was I emotionally abused by my boyfriend and then I became the abuser to him?
What is the major difference between Airbus and Boeing aircraft design?
What should I reply when someone asks for something and I'm too busy at that time to help them?
What is analog pulse amplitude modulation and digital pulse amplitude modulation?
Why did Polyvore remove Pasha Sadri as CEO and replace him with head of product, Jess Lee?
Why do deep-sea divers carry a mixture of oxygen and helium for respiration and not pure oxygen or a mixture of oxygen and nitrogen, or even natural air?
How do I measure the specification like track diameter and perpendicularity of the faces etc. of inner case of ball bearings?
How would you react if you are walking alone and suddenly a UFO lands beside you and an alien comes out of it?
Why do I feel mentally more practical and logical in taking decisions after I masturbate?
Why MUSLIMS have failed to judge FITNA DAJJAL and are being defeated by DAJJAL on daily basis in the WORLD?
What does Jimmy Wales think of life in the UK and how does it compare to life in the USA?
Where can you hire the best PHP, ASP.NET and iPhone apps developer at a low cost in India?
What is the connection between rise of Trump's value and that of Buffet's? Can someone explain this?
What is the difference between a Scanning Electron Microscope and a Transmission Electron Microscope?
What is the difference between induction motor and synchronous motor in terms of armature winding and field winding?
Have you ever gone on a date and what was it like?
What are the basic differences between Democrats and Republicans in American politics? Does either party support leftist ideologies?
If I power the rear wheels of a car using electric motors powered by a battery and the front wheels to generate that battery's power, will the system be self sufficient theoretically? Why and why not?
Most cereals are laden with sugar so why do parents still support and buy such food items for their kids?
I am starting a D&D group and this is my first time as a DM. What is the best way to deal with challenging and overbearing pedantic types that may discourage other players?
What meals can I eat for breakfast, lunch, and dinner to lose weight?
Does entering the market as a competitor to Quikr and OLX make sense? What do they make? Will it be enough food to be shared between so many beggars?
Why so many package managers like bower, npm and composer, why not all-in-one?
What is the difference between how the Jews were treated by the Nazis and how the Palestinians are treated by Israelis?
Are health drink mixes like Boost and Horlicks related to being overweight?
What are the differences between rRNA, mRNA, and tRNA? What are their similarities?
I have stubborn body hair especially on arms and legs. Does anyone know any products are effective for permanent hair removal?
What are the best books for physics and chemistry for class 9th and 11th?
What if we have No restrictions from our parents and do whatever we want to do?
I don't like to drink beer, scotch, and whiskey (all malt based), but I like vodka and rum. Why is this? Does it make me weird?
I am a 26-year-old woman and have a crush over my 30 year old cousin. He is the only one whom I can relate with and he totally understands me. How do I fight this off?
Have around 30 acres of land in western TN, India. Climate is arid and has water availability from nil to low. what fruit-tree/crop/ can i cultivate ?
Is the temporary tribunal paid by the Philippines and others on South China Sea a legal part of the Permanent Court of Arbitration?
If a 90 percent tax rate over  dollar 500k was implemented and all loopholes were closed, what would the wealthy do?
What are the most interesting products and innovations that Towers Watson is coming out with in 2016?
What is the best font type and size to use in a mobile app?
Does Harvard\u2019s Math 23 cover the set theory and discrete math needed for CS 124?
How will abolishing rs.500 and rs.1000 notes reduce corruption and identifying black money?
What is the difference between synchronous updating and asynchronous updating in a Neural Network algorithm?
In what situation \"I am to go\" and \"I've to go\" is used? What is the difference between them?
Have you ever experienced something paranormal and no one ever believed you?
What is the difference between being vain and just wanting to look good?
What will happen if Liqour and cigarettes are banned in India by 2020?
Who are some lesser known important historical figures of Benin and what should people know about them?
Have you ever almost died and had something inexplicable save you?
Word Definitions, Terminology and Jargon: What does monopolize mean and give an example for monopolize in a sentence?
I would like to start a gun collection in India. What are the various permissions and licenses I need? Can one license suffice or will I need multiple licenses for multiple weapons?
What can an individual or a family or a business in Tibet do today to prepare and adapt for the coming impacts of climate change?
What is the difference between being a narcissist and just a plain selfish and self centred all-around jerk?
Why do the athletes in Australia, UK and the U.S. legally take dopes in world sport games?
What is the fill form 60/61 of SBI in ''opening of accounts and ''issue of debit card'' amount of transaction ''?
I had sex one day prior to the usual onset of my period and now I'm three days late. Why?
How much did the Allies repair and re-use German military equipment during WW2?
Why didn't SRK and Gauri hold hands in LA where he met fans and posed for pics? Has their relationship gone sour?
Why was the Spanish super copa played between Barcelona and sevilla, even though Barcelona won both La Liga and Copa Del Rey last season?
How old were Melania and Donald Trump when they got married?
What are some of the NGOs like MAD and Teach For India in Bangalore?
What are the strongest majors in terms of job prospects and what are the weakest majors at Arkansas State?
What is the difference between Practice Management Software (PMS) and Record Keeping (or Management) Software?
What is a good inpatient drug and alcohol rehab center in Lincoln County AR?
Describe how did you obtain your success and what is the best advice you would give someone?
When will we see the first dogfight/aerial engagement  between the F-35(A?) Lightning and the F-22 Raptor, or other existing combat aircrafts?
Do you believe there is a Heaven and a Hell out there? Why or why not?
How many numbers between 1 and 300 are divisible by at least one of: 3, 5?
What do Shahrukh Khan and Sahid Kapoor use on their hair?
Why were forest dwellers required to have crossbows and bolts rather than the standard bows and arrows under the Statute of Winchester (1285)?
If you owe child support in one state and have a bench warrant will they pick you up in another state?
How does the globalization of development in the world factory and the world farm affect third world women?
Why is the fact that cops can now steal money from your bank account and any credit card directly on the side of the road not front page news?
How can I mirror only updated files to an FTP server? I don't want to do it automatically, and I want to minimize bandwidth as much as possible.
What is the best way to learn and become a Ui designer?
How do consumers seek choose purchase experience and evaluate Swiggy services?
How many Hebrews left Egypt during the exodus, and what is the historical background of this? How does this relate to the \"Book of Exodus\"?
A spider fell into my open eye. I brushed it off quickly and washed my eye, but it still itches and hurts. What should I do?
How do I start preparing for CAT PI and GD at an early stage?
Are the test dates for SAT and SAT subject tests the same?
How do I make friends at 27 when you have virtually no friends and people seem to forget about you easily or won't include you in their social circle?
What rank can I expect with 93 in the JEE Main and 94 percent in the CBSE board?
Will Netflix bring back DVD search and Queue to the Apple Mobile App?
Is there any remedy to stop and reverse the premature graying of body hair?
I am a 20-year-old average-looking woman who still has braces. I have never tried smoking or drinking, I like reading, I mostly stay home, and I don't have a group of friends to hang out with nor a boyfriend. What am I missing out on in life?
Why did creatures evolve into two genders and not more to achieve more genetic diversity?
Is it normal that if I lay down and start counting down from 100, my brain starts to feel tingly and I feel like I'm floating?
What is best to do after completing BSc horticulture and what are some best career option in it?
Who is Mark Zuckerberg and how he became CEO of Facebook?
Who are some lesser known important historical figures of Mauritania and what should people know about them?
What is the biggest mistake you made in your 30s and what did you learn from it?
How do I actually get an intership in IIT and tell me procedures which are needed to be followed?
Is Hillary Clinton's enabling of voter fraud and inciting of violence at Trump rallies by DNC affiliated groups affecting independents?
Most of the time, it has been found that in 4 cylinder engines, 1 and 4 cylinder connecting rod fail first. Why?
The Time Traveler's Wife (2003 book): Why did Clare and Gomez express so little guilt and regret?
How long can coffee sit and still be considered reasonable to drink?
What do you subtract from six to make it 9, and what do you add to nine to make it six?
my girlfriend hasn't officially broken up with me but took some of stuff and hasn't been back home. Is my girlfriend about to leave me?
Did the American founders debate compulsory education, and was Christianity part of the education?
I have 6 years working experience in software development and my skill level is no better than a fresh graduate, does it mean I am not eligible and should consider to quit programming?
I have lost interest in my girlfriend. And I love another girl and she loves me. But I can't break up with my girlfriend because I don't want to hurt her. What should I do?
Is it weird that I find myself very attractive in men's clothing and ugly in women's clothing? What Am I supposed to do about this?
I spend lot of time myself so I could finger out and listen to what is inside people heart and head.?
What are the difference between the US and Chinese education system?
I am having Euphoria for no reason and it happens often. Why is it?
Why didn't Vivian Vance and Bill Frawley get along in real life?
What do you use to create and manage WordPress custom post types?
I have got a 9.1 CGPA in the 9th grade. If I manage to get CGPA 10 in class 10, 95 percent above in my 11th and 12th grade school exams and 2300+ SAT I and SAT II scores, do I have a chance of attending elite colleges such as Harvard, Columbia, MIT, Yale and Princeton?
Which is a suitable inpatient drug and alcohol rehab center near Mineral County CO?
Why is the AAP not fielding local candidates as MPs and instead parachuting them in from other areas that they neither belong to nor know much about and can't connect with the local voters on?
I'm a triple Capricorn (Sun, Moon and ascendant in Capricorn) What does this say about me?
What is the poorest country in Asia, and how does its death rate compare to the poorest country in Europe?
I'm not able to buy Udemy course .it is not accepting mine and my friends debit card.my card can be used for Flipkart .how to purchase now?
Where can I learn to become a UX designer as I am a multimedia artist and have a great interest in this field?
Why is the 230 Volt for single phase and the 440 Volt for three phase?
This guy I barely know is making me very anxious, sad and hopeless. What is wrong with me?
How can you trick Cleverbot and force a glitch on him?
Why is it so hard to get up and lose weight and become more healthy?
Is there a way to easily create and experiment with iOS Passbook .pkpass files?
A 12th pass girl has no money, no place to stay and no relatives in Mumbai. Where can she get a job and accommodation for few weeks?
What are the challenges and opportunities of the mobile mapping (lidar)?
What is a Gigabit router and what purpose does it serve?
I am currently learning different SAS modules and finding it quite interesting. I wanted to know where I can get some projects for SAS. I have the software and rights with me. What are some interesting research ideas?
Which is the best coaching center for SSC and Banking in Chandigarh?
My 5 month old baby has been pulling out her hair and is now left with a bald spot on the back of her head. Is this normal?
Is '1' the manifestation of 'existence' and '0' not clearly understood?
If I ate a can of sardines everyday and ran for an hour, would this make me lose weight fast?
A light meter rod is allowed to pivot freely at the zero end. The other end is supported by a spring balance. A weight of 200 N is then hung at a 40cm mark, and the metering rod stays horizontally. What is the reading on the spring balance?
I work out regularly, read books every day, eat healthy, and sleep well. Why am I still depressed?
Which company is more popular and richer worldwide apple or samsung?
How do I create a customized repository in ATG with certain fields like name id and so on? And how to query the same information according to name ID or any other fields?
Why are new girls willing to do amateur porn for the first time and expose their face, when they can easily make the same money by prostitution?
Are hard drives (Both HDD and SSD) reliable for long term storage?
Which is a suitable inpatient drug and alcohol rehab center in Calhoun County AL?
I lost my PAN card. Is it possible to get it reissued. I have the PAN number and a photo of the same. If yes, what is the procedure?
How do I become a girl who does not chase boys and instead is chased by them?
How can I check wifi history and access it through android phones?
What are some instances where women stood up and protected or helped men in need?
WWE: Which wrestlers are best friends and enemies in real life?
Why are there no A and B code names for Android?
What are some great examples of how people who lived hundreds of years ago and thousands of years ago aren't so different from us?
What are the requirements to become president in the United States and how are the requirements different in Poland?
What is the difference between IoE and the Internet of Things (IoT)?
What are the living conditions in Rockville, Maryland and how does it compare to Brookeville?
If you're in a helicopter and it starts to crash, how can you escape?
How can I use Omegle on my iPod Touch and how is it compared to using No Strings Attached?
Hinduism and Sanskrit go together as most of the Hindu texts are written in Sanskrit. Sanskrit and Tamil don't go together as they both belong to a different language family. Why is it so?
Which fields do you think are more related Mathematics and Computer Science or Mathematics and Physics?
How did the relationship between Israel and Germany change from the early post ww2 era to modern day?
How do tech companies look at people with only a post-bacc certificate (not a B.S. in CS) and some projects done in comparison to someone with a B.S.?
What would be a scenic and serene route from Bangalore to Panjim, Goa?
How is life being a full-time freelancer and how much do you earn?
What is the difference between copper and aluminum wires? What are the advantages of using one over the other?
Can my 75 years old father recover from pneumonia? He has diabetes and doctor is giving him insulin. doctors said the infection isnt that bad.
In Indonesia, what is the outlook for property investment in Jakarta and its neighboring cities such as Tangerang, Bandung and Bogor for the next 2 to 3 years?
What are the strongest majors in terms of job prospects and what are the weakest majors at the University of Tennessee?
When does a week start and end for the current withdrawal limit?
How long does it take to prepare for maths and physics exams held by NIOS? Is it easier than cbse?
Is it worth learning Python if we already know C/C++ and Java? My main aim is to get a Job as software engineer so will knowing python add an advantage?
What are best online resources and video lectures from reputed universities to learn Python and R for data science?
What are the consumptive needs and activities impacts on the environment?
Can someone who was admitted to the US as a refugee and now has a permanent residency (a green card) but not a passport travel to the EU?
I'm a boy and I asked a girl her weight. Then someone approached me and said, \"It is wrong to ask a girl's weight\". Why is that so?
What is unusual or different about the food and cuisine in Bangladesh?
If i buy By Vilain Hair wax products which costs around 20  dollar  and ship it to india from denmark do i have to pay the custom duty?
What is the difference in a 2 year MBA program in Operations Management and a short term course in Business Analytics?
What is the structural difference between amylose and amylopectin? How are they used?
Who would win a war between Russia and Israel without nuclear weapons, being fought in Russia?
What is the difference between corn syrup and high-fructose corn syrup?
Can anyone see a link between binge eating and maladaptive daydreaming?
What is the role of vision, mission and values in the strategic management process?
What is the total investment in polyhouse farming and what is the profit in it?
If President Clinton accosted women while in Office, and Donald Trump hasn't for over ten years, why is one pardoned but the other \"unfit\" to serve?
How do I know my social security and medicare tax refund status?
Why is it important to be able to create and identify cogent forms of argumentation?
What is the best way to prepare for a Google and a Facebook interview if I have half a year full time to prepare?
Is it enough to lose weight by drinking green tea and walking for 5km a day with a moderate diet?
What might a shadow and dark spot on a brain scan mean?
Why are the peptide bonds between amino acids so stable/strong and what makes the protein have a particular structure?
What is the location of Palawan, and how does this Island compare to Parkapuka?
What is a good detective book like Sherlock Holmes and where can I get it for free for my Android?
What programming language was used to create Snagit, Camtasia and all the other Techsmith products?
How is Oriental Institute of Science and Technology Bhopal for computer science engineering?
How long can a submarine stay under water and how are the oxygen levels maintained?
If you had a rod or rope stretching deep into space and yanked one end. Would that allow faster than light communications?
In a hypothetical race between Donald Trump and Bernie Sanders, who would seriously consider Michael Bloomberg?
O and I are the circumcenter and incenter of triangle ABC respectively. O lies in the interior of ABC and I lies on the circle passing through B,O and C . what is the magnitude of angle BAC?
Where can I get best domestic and commercial window cleaning service in Sydney?
What are the courses, other than MBBS and BDS, which pay really well?
What will be the impact of banning Rs. 500 and Rs. 1000 on the Indian economy?
I have watched Game of Thrones, Sherlock and Breaking Bad. What should I watch next?
I have extremely bad keratosis pilaris rubra facetious all over my cheeks and they are extremely red all of the time. How can I get rid of this?
What is a good inpatient drug and alcohol rehab center in Lincoln County NC?
In the figure, Dand E are the points on AB and AC respectively such that DE||BC.If AD= 1/3 BD and AE =4.5 AC.?
Were the ancestors of Christians and Muslims in India Hindus at some point?
My AMCAT scores are 655 in English, 465 in quant, 615 logical, 465 in programming and 469 in computer science.Will I get interview calls?
Why are some audiobooks cut up into 8-15 tracks of 5-10 minutes and some are cut into 90+ tracks of less than a minute each?
As per communist philosophy, right of free-access to the articles of consumption for each according to his ability and needs is accepted. How do they define an act of theft in communism?
How do I not get easily influenced by people's opinion and stop caring what others think?
Is it worth reading the book \"Think and Grow rich\" by Napoleon Hill?
Should I leave a job in a corporation, where I am not happy, and go to smaller, newer company where I would be able to work with great people?
I've liked a very good friend of mine for more than two years now. I recently told her I like her, and she stopped talking to me and doesn't reply anymore. What should my next step be?
How does an FM antenna and tuner differ from an AM antenna and tuner?
What will happen if everyone went to bank and withdraw all their money?
How can I strengthen my arms and legs as a 13 year old boy?
Did crime rates in NY drop after \"stop and frisk\" was ruled unconstituional?
What is the difference between capitalism and communism? Explain in a simple manner.
What is the stall speed and AOA of an f-14 with wings fully swept back?
How does North Korea explain the large disparity in American and South Korean military technology?
Is H.C. Verma a must for NEET and AIIMS preparation in Physics?
What is your view of capital punishment, and why do you have this view?
How are careers in biology changing and what's necessary to stay current?
Which is a good inpatient drug and alcohol rehab center near Marshall County IL?
Could I build a web app with just Angular JS for the front end and Node.JS for the back end?  Is it common to mix frameworks?
What are the things I need to know and the things I need to do to startup an automobile company in Africa?
Why does India have the worst image and reputation in the world, even worse than Africa and North Korea?
Is it ideal to visit Lachen, Yumtang and Lachung (SIKKIM) in the first week of march?
Which are the major highways in California and how are they compared to the major highways in Kansas?
I have been offered a job in Dubai with a salary of  dollar 180,000 and free accommodation plus benefits. Is this a reasonable income? I am based in U.K.
Where can I buy best quality cupcakes for parties and corporate events in Gold Coast?
Why is there a left drive wheel car and a right drive wheel car?
How can we maintaine our fitness and weight without using gym?
Hi Arun, I saw you comment on a post that you earn  dollar 19,000 a month. I am 16 and I aspire to earn that much soon. Can you give me some advice?
How can I convince my in-laws and husband to live separately?
What should be a human like \"with Full of thoughts and emotions or just a intelligent species to work only?
On Instagram, if I accidentally follow someone and he/she hasn't approved my request yet, how can I cancel that request?
How do I contact a delivery boy if the delivery attempt was made and I was absent? What if I don't have the contact number?
Have we ever used ground based telescopes to see gamma and cosmic rays (directly, without cherenkov radiation) of another planet?
I am 26 years old electrical engineering student and I will be graduating at the age of 29. am I too late to start my life?
What would your feelings/motions be, if the book you wrote and published is made into an eBook or photocopied and given away to the world for free?
Do any painting company offer a warranty and are they insured? What is the best service provider in Australia?
How is the Classic XI and World XI team chosen for the FIFA games?
I have never seen a single cartoon show (Tom and Jerry, Naruto ad so on) throughout my life and I am 21. Am I missing something in life?
When and how will Assam, Manipur and Nagaland get independence from India?
I am looking for waterproof solutions for DSLR and mirrorles cameras - any advice?
What are the commonalities and differences between North Indian and South Indian temples? Make a diagram to supplement your answer.
Which indicator is best for the titration of Na2CO3 and HCl? Choosing out of Phenophthalein, Methyl-Orange or Methyl-Red.
Why do people hesitate to repair a car engine and choose it as last option? Is it not good to open car engine and repair it?
What's in the MTG NEET guide for physics fo NEET'17 and if possible post a snap too of anywhere in the middle of chapter?
Microbiology: Do negative ions kill fungi, bacteria, viruses and dust mites? How effective are these  devices?
I have 0 balance on my all the credit cards and I am planning to close one of the card. Will this affect my credit score?
Where can I get professional advice for buying and selling a property in Sydney?
How can I snoop in my wife's social media sites and see if she is cheating without me ever having possession of phone?
Couldn't a deep neural network be 'trained' on a huge amount of grammatically correct text, and then output 'normalized' text from say tweets?
I have done mechanical engg and I m jobless I want to pursue acting and want to make career but to safe side I want mechanical job pls help?
How do I stop excessive hair fall and premature graying of my hair while I am still only 20 years old?
What exactly does Gulp.js or GruntJS do and why should I learn them?
What would you do if you were given a day and all the resources needed to do whatever you wanna do?
What would be the Pros and Cons of abolishing death penalty in India?
What is a suitable inpatient drug and alcohol rehab center near Marion County IN?
How many types of capacitors are available in the market and what are different uses of them?
Which laptop should I buy which has 8 gb ram, 1 tb hdd, i3 and price between 25k-35k? And how is Fujitsu as a laptop brand?
What are the advantages and disadvantages of Beanstalkd as a work queue?
What is Quora's policy on expressing opinions and proselytizing to answer questions?
Could you list the pros and cons of electric, acoustic and electric acoustic violins.?
Who is a better singer and why: Mika Singh or Kailash Kher?
In the movie Iron Eagle, Doug tells Chappy \"I have something that can make up some time,\" and proceeds to play One Vision by Queen. Why does this make up time more than just going faster without music?
How many rings of power were there? Who created them and what happened to them? What were their powers?
My company is registered in Delaware and does business in Texas, where do I pay corporation tax?
How do I get unlimited gems, gold, and elixir in Clash of Clans on Android?
How many BPharm students get into IIM-A and what is the percentile cut off for BPharm students to get a call from IIM-A?
What is the symbol for gravity, and how does Earth's gravity compare to Mars'?
Which is a suitable inpatient drug and alcohol rehab center in Hale County AL?
How do we know that evolution and scientific evidence isn't faked?
What are some books to help me learn algorithm and data structure problem solving techniques and methods?
I have 3.7 years of experience, I completed my Engineering in 6 years due to backlog and have 50 percent throughout, am I eligble for CTS walk in?
Can I tell my therapist I'm a sociopath? I'm also a parent and take good care of my daughter but wouldn't want them calling cps
How easy or difficult would it be for China to attack and take over Andaman & Nicobar or the Lakshadweep islands, in the case of a war with India?
Why is the BJP associated with vegetarianism? Aren't there beef eaters and non-vegetarians in the party leadership?
My guy is a cheater but every time I try to break up with him, he tells me that he loves me and keeps on coming back to me. Does it mean that he really loves me?
I posted the entire paper in that section? I am new to here and dont know how to add sub info to main question. Sorry
Where can I get quality services for labels and stickers printing in Australia?
What are the primary aims and the fundamental ideologies of Boko Haram and Hezbollah, respectively?
What were the major contributions of the political leaders during WW1, and how are the compared to the ones during the Balkan Wars?
How can I become a Nike+ Developer and get the client and secret keys to upload activities from exercise apps I made?
What are the most interesting products and innovations that Olympic Steel is coming out with in 2016?
Neuroscience: Do amphetamines affect the first and higher order moments of neuron firing rates (like mean/variance/skew)? If so, how?
What is the difference between wine and champagne? How are they similar?
What is one of your worst life experiences and what did it teach you?
My mom sets room temperature at 19 C during winter and 26.5 C during summer. I feel either really hot or cold. What should I do?
Of Google, Facebook, Amazon and Apple, which company has the most playful culture?
Which companies visit NSIT for placements in 7th semester and which companies in 8th semester?
Can I apply for both an M.E. in software systems and an M.E. in computer science in the BITS higher degree admissions program?
How does one look up a thing in Diagnostic and Statistical Manual of Mental Disorders (DSM) if the book costs 250 dollars?
Quora locked my answer for having a meme. I removed the meme and appealed a week ago but the answer is still locked. What should I do?
How will the ban on 500 rupee  and 1000 rupee  notes impact the Indian economy?
When will Quora see the light and allow more than three lines of question details?
Are there feminists out there who believe men and women should not regard each other sexually in public?
Why do some women get angry at other women when their husbands are lying and behaving single, instead of just holding the husband accountable for his behavior?
If you are under birth control and you pull out what are the chances of getting pregnant?
If an electron has a charge of -1 and some quarks have fractional charge, what is charge?
What is the difference between castle-forged steel and spell-forged steel? Which one is better?
What is the best laptop to buy in and around 70000 rupees?
What is the top speed a person can paddle a kayak and for how long can they maintain this?
How do you know at what point in your life you're mature, stable, and independent enough to start a relationship?
Has anyone done any research on purchasing season tickets for a major sport and how to maximize the return on investment? Or does anyone have practical advice from their experience?
I'm a girl who fell in love with my girl best friend. I already confessed to her and she didn't say anything. She became closer to me. What does that mean?
How safe is Papua New Guinea, and how does it's crime rate compare to Argentina's?
Do you think only through Dr Phil can India and Pakistan reconcile their differences?
If a women in India is seen verbally abusing a man on the road and shows him the middle finger. Will she be judged by the bystanders?
Why most of the embarrassing, motivational and life changing incidents happen with big writers only?
Which is a good inpatient drug and alcohol rehab center in Alexander County IL?
How can my married boyfriend make love to me and then say he might make love to his wife?
Can you study two different phds at the same time and in two different universities?
I am planning a trip to Leh in mid-July. Where can I find tents and sleeping bags for rent in Leh/Manali and what would be the cost for them?
If a Bollywood movie were made on the life and career of Alia Bhatt, what would be its opening scene?
What should I do if a have missed my period for 2 months and have negative pregnancy tests?
How can we see free soccer, football and other sports on TV?
What are some aspects of India and Indian culture that have been adopted by non-Indians?
Why can we not print our own rupee notes infinitely and use them in the international market?
How much influence do the Rothschild, Morgan, Rockefeller, Du Pont and Bush families have on the world events?
Where can I found best quality commercial refrigerators, freezers and cold cabinets in Sydney for display in supermarkets and food outlets?
I finished M.Tech -Structural engineering this year. Is there any training institute in and around chennai which offers 100 percent placement after training in design field of structural engineering?
How do i sell my coaching modules and IIT-JEE study material?
What is the need of paytm wallet if I can pay using credit and debit card and putting money in the bank will earn me interest?
Where can I get a copy of the book Fountain of Gold and the Three Monkeys by Honma Munesha?
How much do Instacart personal shoppers make in a week and do they really get to set their own hours?
What is a suitable inpatient drug and alcohol rehab center near Hart County GA?
If your lover says that I love you and bye after lots of problems in relationship.?
Which are the major highways in California and how are they compared to the major highways in Florida?
Do international agreements like the New York Convention and the ICSID Convention harmonise the various arbitration principles of different legal systems?
What are some ideas for brother and sister matching Halloween costumes?
I am a college student and as such do not have a good source of income. I want to open an NGO for empowering rural children. How can I open an NGO and manage it financially? What sort of help does the Government of India provide?
What is your reaction about the ban on Rs. 500 and Rs. 1000 notes? Won't it create a chaos and harm the economy?
On Google Maps, how can you tell which buildings and parks have Street View or the option to 'see inside' without checking manually?
I want to start learning programming and have 3 years to prepare for a product-manager role. Where do I start?
What is the procedure of admission for doing PGDM in Marketing from MICA and what are the things required in one's profile for the same?
Which is a good inpatient drug and alcohol rehab center in Rabun County GA?
Write a script that checks each minute and reports on who logs in and who logs out?
My friend borrowed money from me a few months ago and has not yet returned it. How do I ask for my money back?
What are the most illuminating, evocative or meaningful accounts by and interviews of people who have lost their children?
Can I build a customised OS with different features and UI based on Android open source, and sell it commercially? Is there any legal or licensing things involved?
Which is a better bike overall in accordance with performance, mileage, and maintenance, a Pulsar 150 DTSI or a Pulsar 180 DTSI?
What are currently topics in algorithms and software engineering for research in computer sceince?
How do I start the habit of studying today and maintain it for two months?
I am a civil engineer. What are the future prospects and job opportunities if I complete a PG in furniture design from NID?
What are the good things done by the British to India and Indians during the British Raj?
How do France's economic activities compare and contrast to those of India?
What is the difference between one antenna WiFi router and a second antenna WiFi router?
How does the Hubble telescope take sharp and non-distorted images of faint and distant galaxies while orbiting the earth at a high velocity?
What towns are located near the Kilauea, and how does this volcano's activity compare to the volcanoes in Ecuador?
How is it that celebrities rarely wear the same clothes and accessories? What do they do with them after wearing them once?
What is the difference between DDR3 and DDR4 RAM? Which one is the best?
What is dynamic equilibrium and what are some examples of it?
How do I add a Facebook, Google+ and Twitter link to my YouTube channel art page?
What are the practical differences between batch normalization, and layer normalization in deep neural networks?
What are of the pros and cons of both, the husband and the wife choosing the same profession?
Which is the best institute for research and for a regular MBBS / MD / MS: AIIMS, PGIMER or JIPMER?
What are the major flaws with Donald Trump's and Hillary Clinton's foreign policy agendas?
What would happen if Trump and Pence dies before inauguration day?
What is the Best point and shoot camera under 7k INR?
Which are the best Drug or Alcohol Rehab, Detox and Recovery Program Centers in the Mariposa County California area?
It's my first job and my first time as a civil engineer. My project is now starting to clear the area and site grading will follow. What are the important things I should not forget in site grading?
What can an individual or a family or a business in Burundi do today to prepare and adapt for the coming impacts of climate change?
How compatible is a man with Scorpio sun/ Sagittarius moon, and a woman with Leo sun/ Pisces moon?
How do I study for btech and prepare for MBA entrance exams?
How many warehouses does Amazon have and where are they located?
Why do conservatives in the U.S. hate solar power and wind turbines even though most of them have no assets in fossil fuels?
How much were you expecting and how much did you get in CBSE maths 2015 exam?
What would happen in Israel if they shut down their iron dome systems, and were can I find information that keeping the system on is making progress?
Is there any happiness except for family, love and career? If yes, how do I achieve that?
What is a shower liner and how does it differ from a shower curtain?
How does someone know whether a car battery is dead and needs to be replaced or just needs a jump start?
What was the age of Rama and Sita when they got married?
If someone has eye problems, either myopia or hypermetropia, and he uses a telescope without his goggles, would he be able to see things clearly or not?
Which laptop must I buy with 4GB RAM and i5 intel processor?
I am 23 years old and want to move out of my mom's house. I am Hindu and grew up in a conservative household, so moving out before marriage is unacceptable. Also, my family is telling me I should not move because my mom will be all alone. I want to move to another city that is a few hours away and explore what it's like to live alone. How can I do this without upsetting my family, if possible? Is this a bad idea? Should I just stay with my mom?
I have California residency and I relocated to Illinois to live and work. How should I file my taxes?
What are the most interesting products and innovations that Titan Machinery is coming out with in 2016?
What if you got to know that this world will end tomorrow, and you just have 24 hours to live, What are the last things you would like to do?
How is the Indian/Bharatiyan society/governance, helping out the Dalits, Shudra, and Dasa, from the underprivileged after-life?
Can I make a landing page with Launchrock and link it with my domain name?
What do you see, hear, and feel when under the effects of DMT?
How can discontinuing 500 and 1000 rupee will help to control black money?
Why was some flowers has stamens and ovary but they are not bear a fruit?
How do you write a post on Medium and then easily drop it into WordPress?
Why didn't Sub-Saharan Africa, despite all the natural and human resources, develop into a system of stable states like Europe, the Middle East or East Asia?
What are the best undiscovered places to visit in and around Dharamshala in December for a 5day trip of boys gang?
When people in the EU complain about Brussel's decisions and decision-making style, what kinds of things are they unhappy about?
How does the air-conditioner in an air-plane work? Considering that the temperature outside is -30 degrees and below at an altitude of 35,000 feet, how is fresh oxygen provided to the passengers?
If I hire someone to build me an affiliate marketing website, should I worry that the web developer may steal my idea and create a similar site for himself after I have already done all the research?
I found something in the woods on my property and I need to know if it's some type of satanic ritual. Can somebody tell me what this is?
What is the architecture, context, and identity of Chaura Rasta, Jaipur?
Where can I get dataset which gives age wise preference towards game genres (arcade, action..) and age wise preference towards books by genre (ficiton, comics, non-fiction ...)?
One of my questions has been marked as needing improvement. I've tried everything and it is still marked. How can I solve this?
How does a girl feels to know that a guy is loving her deeply and silently even after she ignored him?
What is the road tax or RTO fee for a yellow, black and white board car for a Ford Figo and BMW 3 series?
Why did my crush ignore me and is making me jealous?
What are tricks for writing essays and interviewing for private high schools?
How do attractive people deal with people staring at them and just getting a lot of attention?
What's the difference between positive displacement compressors and negative displacement compressors?
I am learning PHP from the websites like Codecademy and W3Schools. What should be my first basic project in PHP that I can show in my resume?
If Clinton's deleted e-mails were only about yoga and the like, why is it a threat to national security that Trump encouraged Russia to release them?
What is the relationship between frequency and voltage in power systems?
A girl I love said she wants to be friends with me first before progressing into a couple. I agreed with her and started going out a lot lately, even after Valentine's. She kissed me indirectly and retorted that we are still friends, I'm so confused right now, what should I do?
Can I use 2 Twitter developer accounts, one for the streaming API access and another for giving my users oauth access to sign up?
I cannot create an Instagram account and they don't seem to have support. What can I do?
I want to reach a larger audience of people through Facebook, mostly from the US and UK. What are the open groups in Facebook where I can post?
Why is iron oxide considered a compound and what are some functions it serves?
Can/would Britain adopt American gun laws and how would it affect the nation?
Where can I get high quality print solutions and service in Sydney for envelopes?
Is there any football club/team that is labeled 'underdog' and not so famous, yet managed to win the cup/title/league?
Is fourty or forty and ninety or ninty both are correct?
What kind of masculoskeletal pain starts from the veins and affect different parts of the body (legs and hand( swelling and stiffness)) and bone pain?
If you run a lot and you get really bad pain half way down the back of your calf down to your ankle and get excruciating pain when you put your foot flat on the floor what is it?
What physical traits differentiate Chinese, Japanese, Korean, Singaporean, and North-east Indian people from one another?
What is the actual cost of materials and labour to produce a new iPhone?
I'm a Pisces sun sign, Leo rising and a Scorpio moon. Can you guess what I'm like?
How much money in average does it cost for the supplies and food needed to hike the Pacific Crest Trail? Im strictly talking about the daily food needs, etc.
Why do so many evangelical Christians support war and US military intervention?
What are the on-page SEO and off-page SEO checklists for a website?
Are there any helpful or recommended (tips, websites, books and past tests) for PTE (pearson test of english)?
Why did actress Lisa Edelstein (Lisa Cuddy) leave House and never came back even in the finale?
Where is the best place to follow news, trends and everything to do with the stock market?
Is there any way by which I could study material science and metallurgy eAsily? It's difficult to remember so much
What is 'screenshots' on Snapchat and how is any of it any different from Instagram?
Has Admob stopped CPM ads? I have a WP app and I get 1000+ impressions per day but I see revenue only from clicks.
Why do some people identify as different from their birth gender and do psychiatrists accept this as normal?
A top student wrote a program of about 200 lines and I wrote a program of 10 lines that does the exact same thing, could I be wrong?
When was the electric train invented and how was it invented?
How can NRIs exchange demonetized INR notes of Rs. 500 and Rs. 1000 if they come to India after 31 March 2016?
What do you know about history of Podio, programming languages used to develop and in the work procedures of developer teams?
Who is the biggest loser and disgrace to Bollywood according to you?
I\u2019m graduating with a BA in Computer Science this May and was unable to get any internships. What can I do to land some form of a job this summer?
What is the average revenue and net profit of Beard Papa's franchise?
What are some fundamental rights and duties which I must be aware of as a citizen of India?
How many calories per day should I gain and burn to lose 10 pounds?
Is being gay a biological reason or a choice and how can you tell the difference?
This guy on Instagram keeps following me and unfollowing me. Should I block him? What's his deal?
What's the best way to learn Microsoft Office and its associated packages?
What are the strongest majors in terms of job prospects and what are the weakest majors at Mills College?
Why is it that when you don't care for a woman she wants you more, and when you show your feelings it pushes her away?
Why do news agency hire data analyst? How big data and data analysis enhance their business?
How can I prepare for my 12th boards and nata exam together?
Is it okay to always like being alone and doing things alone?
How is Tiger Woods so rich, and how do golf players earn so much money?
Being an employer, do I need any liability for Social Security and Medicare taxes in case my workers get tips but don't report them to me?
What is the difference between a motif and a domain in a protein?
My boyfriend and I are thinking about starting a video game streaming and game design company. What are some basic steps we should take to make our big dream a reality?
Could privacy regulations be made so tight that even Germany and European Union wouldn't like it, at least in theory?
Can a MacBook Air 2015 with core i5 and Intel HD 6000 play high end games at low settings?
What is the city of Philadelphia's nickname and why was it given this name?
If the Bible talks about Earth and Man, are there Books about other Planes and Life?
How do I get rid of pimples and pores on the face and have an even clean face?
Which do you think is worse? Saying something and wishing that you hadn't or saying nothing and wishing that you had? Why?
What is the area bounded in the graphs of y = x^2 and y = 2-x^2 for 0 >  x < 2?
How do I overcome frequent Application error 0xc000007b ever since I upgraded and later clean installed windows 10 on my tablet acer iconia w3 810?
How do you read a non-fiction book effectively? (I don't mean for the purpose of studying because one is forced by examinations to remember facts.) There are times when I finish a non-fiction and I realise I can't talk much about it because the tiny details are lost on me. The most I can do is choke up one or two ideas that I feel for and the whole sharing just ends there. Is there a way to structure your mind as you read along so as to grasp, understand and remember the important parts of a book in the best way possible?
If you had to choose only one fiction and one non-fiction book to read for the rest of your life, what would it be?
Since the left brain overpowers the right, and the left part controls the right hand side of the body, are most of us righties?
Which is a good inpatient drug and alcohol rehab center near Hamilton County FL?
I have an aggregate of below 60 percent in 12th and Btech. How can I get an IT job?
How many words are actually needed to learn for the GRE and what is the correct method to prepare for the GRE verbal? ?
Should i take front-end web development jobs instead of full stack J2ee path and would this impact my opportunity again as a full stack to other co.?
I'm 24 years old and currently saving for a deposit on my first house in the UK with my girlfriend but my passion is to travel and that's what I'd love to do. Should I buy a house now or should I travel?
If you could call yourself five years ago and had 30 seconds, what would you say?
What is the best time to exercise during a day and how to exercise in order to stay energetic the whole day?
I'm not an IITian and graduated in 2016. I have CGPA around 8.4 and pretty good scores in X and XII. Can you advice considering following details?
Why do most girls want to settle at metro cities and don't want their husbands' parents to live with them?
What should be done when nature is against you and nothing happens in your favour even after hard work is done honestly?
Which is a good inpatient drug and alcohol rehab center in Martin County FL?
If you could time travel and meet your 21-year-old self, what would you say?
What are the universal grammar principles and parameters that all languages have?
What is the significance of traditional clothing to the Algonquin Tribe, and how does it compare to the Pueblo Tribe?
How do I calculate systematic error and random error due to this graph?
What is the importance of education to the United States and how are their views of education different from Singapore's?
What are low frequency words and what are some examples of them?
Is it weird or offensive to be English and hate and renounce your own to be fully Scottish?
If you were at the expanding edge of the universe, and observing the expansion, what would you see?
How is the National Disaster Response Force and Civil Defense related?
What is the difference, and where is the line drawn, between sacrifice and self-slaughter?
How can I determine how many address and data lines memory has and the memory size?
Find the least value of 3x + 4y if x^2y^3 = 6. I know how to do it by eliminating x and differentiating. But I think there must be a solution using AM (Arithmetic mean) and GM (Geometric mean). What do you think?
Where does the water from the Great Lakes come from, and how does these lakes wildlife compare to Lake Onega?
What is the probability of getting heads when flipping a coin and getting a number greater than or equal to 5 when rolling a single die?
I'm a 19 guy, can I get a 'female' butt and by that I mean a big and round butt and also big hips? I want to become an hourglass shape
How is light pollution affecting the environment? Is it as severe as air pollution and water pollution? What are the measures to control it?
What is the difference between a present system and the new GST tax system approved by the Indian Government?
How can I use Omegle on my iPod Touch and how is it compared to using Passion.com?
My AMCAT scores are: verbal: 56 percent, quants: 98.1 percent, and logical: 90.1 percent. Can I expect a call from Cognizant or Accenture?
How can you land your first job in tech most feasibly, assuming you are not a college student and have 0 marketable skills (as far as you know, e.g. especially not programming)?
Were the deaths of Princess Diana, JFK, MLK and John Lennon assassinations by the CIA or FBI?
Which is a suitable inpatient drug and alcohol rehab center near Franklin County IA?
What is the purpose of your local Citizens Advice Bureau and what branch of government are they?
What is the academic pressure and workload at the University of Wisconsin like?
I have a power of -3 in both the eyes and a 6/6 vision with spectacles, can I join the indian army?
What jokes do you know about the resemblance between Chinese channels \"CCTV\" and cctv - closed circuit television? \"In China everybody watches cctv\"?
Which sports and college teams wear blue and orange as their team colors?
What is Mangal Dosha and how do you check your Mangal Dosha?
Algorithmic coding or app development, which of these has a better career scope, and which one should I prefer as a CSE 3rd year student?
What is one thing that is morally wrong in these religions (Christianity, Hinduism, Islam and Sikhism), one thing that no God would really support?
How can you calculate the prime factors of 21, and what is the mathematical importance of being able to do so?
I'm debating on what I want to go to college for I can see myself as a fireman but I have a bad criminal record from when I was in high school I don't want to go to school for something and then not be able to find a job after graduation becomes of my past mistakes should I go for the fireman gig or is the back ground checks too intense for someone with a record
Why are Mahatma Gandhi and Jawaharlal Nehru hated by many Indians?
What can policy makers do to raise productivity and living standards? How can technological progress help policymakers to improve productivity and living standards?
What are some amazing Twitter hacks (strategies, tools, etc.) to receive more followers and more engagement with tweets (favorites, retweets)?
What would happen if North Korea and South Korea went to war right now?
Chords AB and CD of a circle intersect at E and are perpendicular to each other. Segments AE, EB and ED have a length of 2cm , 6cm and 3 cm respectively. What is the length of diameter of a circle in cm?
What were the major effects of the cambodia earthquake, and how do these effects compare to the Vallenar earthquake in 1922?
Why don't the upper three strings [E, A and D] of my classical guitar sound right?
How can I study for free, and eventually get a diploma?
Lord of the Rings: How intelligent is the Balrog? Can he communicate with Men and Goblins or had great wisdom like Gandalf or Saruman?
How many ways can the digits 0, 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8, and 9 be arranged so that no even digit is in its original position?
Which CMS is better for e-commerce and more secure, Magento or Drupal?
If a Bollywood movie were made on the life and career of Dahyaji Gobarji Vanzara what would be its opening scene?
What are the differences between pasta sauce and pizza sauce? Can I use pasta sauce on a pizza?
What is your review of Fantastic Beasts and Where To Find Them (2016 movie)?
I failed all technical interviews at Facebook, Google, Microsoft, Amazon and Apple. Should I give up the big companies and try some small startups?
What was the most interesting and strangest crime case you ever heard of?
What is the program to accept and print factor, factor sum and frequency of factor in c++?
I think my computer guy is keeping my laptop and 100 dollar deposit. How can I take legal action?
Does the MacBook Air come with Adobe Flash pre-installed, and if not, where can it be obtained?
On Quora, how can I know when (day and year) a question was asked? I'm new to Quora.
I have a question about moving my iTunes music. My entire collection is on my iPhone4. It was also on my PC, but this died. I now have a Mac, iPhone6 and have bought iTunes Match. How can I transfer my music from my iPhone4 to my iPhone6? Are there any tools? Should I buy an external hard drive?
What is a good inpatient drug and alcohol rehab center near Marion County MS?
Why do colors look more red in one eye and more blue in the other?
I'm an introvert. I feel like people hate me. they ignore me and I feel very lonely sometimes. I feel like I don't belong here. what should I do?
Can I become a multi millionaire like professional gambler's bill benter and the late Alan woods betting on horses?
What is the academic pressure and workload at Texas A&M - Commerce like?
In Josephus - it says the tower of Babel took 3 days to walk around once and a year to haul bricks up to the top. How wide & how tall was the tower?
How much do Managing Directors and Partners make at Greenwich Associates?
If elected, what will you do to support Israel and her right to self-determination and self-defense? What will you do to fight the BDS movement?
A married man keeps telling me he loves his wife and he likes me because we share the same horoscope. What is his true intention?
I suffer from mild fallen arches (flatt-ish feet) and have knees that touch each other, yet my ankles too touch? I want to correct it. Help. A 21yo
I want to whiten my teeth with baking soda and lemon juice. Do I have to use a separate tooth brush?
What is the quickest and least painful way to break a leg?
How is extra time in soccer calculated and rules regarding cards?
Computer Architecture: What is the L1, L2, L3 cache of a microprocessor, and how does it affect the performance of it?
If someone asks me to explain what my previous school taught me in life and how it helped mould my personality, then how should I answer?
How do I know that the world is real, and not just in my head?
Is the sum of a periodic and an aperiodic function periodic?
Will businesses pay? For Likes, Share, Review and Comments on their Social Business Page?
What are all the topics that can be good and suitable for morning assembly in school?
What is the best CM14.1 ROM for the Nexus 5? I want good battery life and feature packed (customizations not necessary)?
Why do people hate Shahrukh Khan and why do people feel that he is not an Indian?
I am an Indian, I want to move to Greenland. I will go on a tourist visa and will never come back, what would you advise?
What is the point of not selling alcohol on Independence day and Gandhi Jayanthi when alcohol is available on every other day for a note with Gandhi?
How old is the question on current affairs and events that was asked by the UPSE?
My girlfriend is 2 months pregnant and we dont want to have a baby just yet. What to do?
What is the difference between the ether Michelson-Morley failed to find and Dark Matter that we now think fills space? Are they not equal?
What is NP-hard problem and how would you explain a fifth grade student?
My life is the same every day (eat, sleep, and go to school). How can I make it feel different?
Why are the inner planets rocky and the outer planets large gas giants?
What is meant by mainstream culture and what would be a noteworthy example of it?
Why does the body feel cold and experience fever chills when it has a fever?
I did not write an answer to my professor's email, which he sent me one and a half month ago, how bad is my situation?
What is the best and most seriously taken font and font size for professional emails?
Medical Advice: Is there an alternative to Abilify, Latuda, and Seroquel XR without the akathisia, weight gain, & heat sensitivity?
Name at least 5 founders of big companies that doesnt have a clue about their product and decide to hire smart people to accomplish their goal.?
How do MIT, Princeton, Wharton and Columbia's undergrad financial engineering schools compare?
Comparing living standard, immigration policy, and crime rates between the U.S., Canada and Australia, do some Indians feel they made a wrong choice moving to the U.S.?
The fat on my belly has not budged for 2 months even after exercising and changing my diet. What am I doing wrong?
How does the motorcycle engine seize and what are its causes?
I got my Schengen visa from Switzerland Embassy but my point of entry and exit will be in is there any problem on that?
I'm 13 and I like this 16 year old boy and he likes me. Is it okay for us to go out?
How early do you report to work, and how does it effect your psyche?
What were the major contributions of the political leaders during WW1, and how are the compared to the ones during the Polish Succession?
Why do we pay so much attention to the Jews killed by Hitler and not all the other types of people?
Is it bad idea to wear a casual t-shirt for workout? Does it damage it in any way, and is it better to wear a t-shirt specialized for training?
What games require only 1-2GB RAM and only 1GB graphic card?
Why do Western countries such as the U.S., UK and Australia secretly legalise doping for their athletes to win medals in global Games?
What is your score on an online IQ test and what is your 'real' IQ?
Why are the wars, revolutions mostly happening in the middle-east and they seem to never end? What is the real cause.
It is possible to apply at the Diversity Immigrant Visa Program 2018 and at the same time get a student visa to start study in 2017?
What is a good inpatient drug and alcohol rehab center near Sioux County IA?
Do all physicists suscribe to the notion that, because time is relative, what we see as past, present and future events are, in reality, events that are happening simultaneously, or \"frozen\" in time?
My iPhone 5 is suffering from connectivity issues. It isn't able to connect to WiFi and mobile networks when certain distances away from the router while other devices are able to connect. What can I do?
Who actually creates the horrific and terrorising kind of guitar riffs in the band named satyricon?
I fell in love with a guy. He has gone abroad and does not love me now. What medicine can help to end my life for good?
Who said \"holding a grudge is like drinking poison and waiting for the other person to die\"?
What do you do if you board a flight and the overweight person you are seated next to spills into your seat?
What are the duties of the speaker of Lok Sabha and who is the best speaker so far?
How did the Jedi find force-sensitive children and was recruitment mandatory?
How long will it be until we use up all the Internet and have to resort back to radio waves?
Is there any other place to sleep, other than a shelter, if your homeless and not from the area and don't know anyone? For instance the YMCA, etc.?
How do I hide self harm cuts at school? I have a uniform and when I wear my blazer my sleeves role up , what do I do?
I read on a wiki that you can remove gel nail polish by heating up sugar and then holding your nails in it. Is it true?
How do religious minorities like the Parsis, Jains, and even Muslims to an extent, feel about the links to Hindu extremism of the BJP in India?
What is medical tourism? What are the risks and benefits of participating in it?
Is it compatible with Quora policies to ask a question whose answer I know and then answer it for the sake of disseminating its content?
Why does the USA stick its nose in everything and \"forces\" democracy on other countries?
What is the salary for freshers in Informatica and Big Data developers in India? Which is best?
What are the calculations needed to construct an engine? How much power and torque will be produced from the engine?
Which travel agency is good Thomas cook or cox and kings for international travel in terms of budget and comforts?
I went into a dance level that is higher than what I should be, and I feel like I am the worst in my class. How do I catch up and if possible, excel?
If someone injects you with cocaine while you sleep and are unaware of the injection, will you still become addicted?
What is the difference between a pair of sunglasses from a drugstore chain, and the more expensive brands like RayBan or Oakley?
What will the relationship between America and China be like in the future?
Given an integer, how can I find the next highest and next lowest integer with the same number of 1s in the 2's complement binary representation?
Prisoners are guilty of horrible crimes yet they hate pedophiles and hold to a \u201csin hierarchy\u201d in jails, why is that? It makes no sense!
I see perfectly constructed answers on Quora, I write two sentences and then my mind goes blank. Is there something possibly wrong with me?
I have been adopted by a cat and know nothing of cat behaviour. What does it mean when it rolls over on its back and bats it's feet at me? (or possibly 'kneads') And is low purring a good thing?
Which salon is the best for hair spa and hair smoothening in Bangalore- green trends or javed habib?
Why is there a difference between IIP and GDP growth numbers?
Do the sufferings, struggles, pains, and the fate of the beings on this earth prove that God is good?
Dating and Relationships: How can someone pretend that they love you, for 3 years and then just leave when they get a chance? Isn't it just sad?
What does object-oriented programming do better than functional programming, and why is it the most popular paradigm when everybody seems to say functional programming is superior?
Should I pursue a law degree to work on international law cases and human rights abuses if I am in the US?
How do I score a 7 in IB HL math? (I'm going for IB from CBSE and the trend is that a 7 IB HL Math is almost impossible)
At what age did you realize that you are gay and what thoughts did you have about it? Was it hard to accept yourself as gay?
As an attractive teacher, did you know which students had a crush on you, and what is the strangest or most inappropriate thing you overheard about you?
I'm up till 4AM indulged in philosophy(happiness) and religion. I love to pause and observe the people around me wherever I am. Any career fit for me?
Is there a subtle difference between \"can not\" and \"cannot\" that extends beyond convenience?
How does IRCTC (Indian Railways) reservation system work? Which takes priority in moving up between tatkal quota WL and normal WL? What all scenarios get considered in final charts? Any idea about algorithms used in system?
How do I deal with my egoistic and arrogent mother in law?
Who are some lesser known important historical figures of Brunei and what should people know about them?
What were the similarities and contrast of Japan and Germany's roles in WWII?
How will I crack IIT when only 3 months are left and u hav to study for 12th boards aswell..i was little distracted but now I am helpless?
What are some good ways to organize and write an argumentative essay in 40 minutes?
What is the expected job profile and salary of a CFA level 3 candidate in India?
How can I play Pok\u00e9mon Sun and Moon on my mobile?
Why was Newport State Airport in Rhode Island built, and how does the number of daily flights compare to Houston Intercontinental Airport?
How do I stay fit, focussed and motivated all the time in terms of diet, exercise?
Why do American eggs have white shells and British ones have brownish shells?
Why is it that the post-nuclear apocalypse, the environment in Fallout 3, is all green/brown and drab, but we can expect more colours in Fallout 4 (according to the official trailer)? Which scenario would actually be more realistic?
What are the best scenes and quotes from \"The Raid 2\"?
[Spoiler] Interstellar movie: How did Cooper entered/came up in the Tesseract and how/why the Tesseract vanished after some time?
What would happen if the ancient Greek gods existed and revealed their existence to the world today? What would you do?
Western Digital: I accidentally dropped my WD My Passport 1 TB hard drive. After connecting it to my system, I hear a clicking sound and the LED blinks, but it's not being detected. Has my drive failed? If so, how can I get my data back?
What are the drawbacks of Indian democracy, secularism, and judicial system? What are the impacts thus on the defense forces, citizens, victims, etc.?
What is a good inpatient drug and alcohol rehab center in Allamakee County IA?
I broke up with my ex, it has been 9 months since we broke up, and I can't stop thinking of her. why do you think I have become like this?
Is it possible to drive a leased vehicle for Uber & Lyft and still stay within the mileage requirements?
What is the disadvantage of CNG in cars and why it is not used in every state?
How does the body use ingested proteins? Are they used *directly* by the system, or are they disassembled and used as amino-acids raw material, in order to rebuild \"new\" proteins?
What is the history of Indian games, how and where did they originate?
What is Romeo's personality in \"Romeo and Juliet\" by William Shakespeare?
How does marks of class 10th and 12th helps in getting admission in foreign university?
What are some examples of a functional region and how are they established?
What are the pros and cons of being in a relationship?
What should I do if I was really mean to the girl I'm dating and hurt her, now I'm nice but I'm not getting the response I believe I should get?
Does bargaining and, or negotiating prices with retailers and contractors make you look poor or mean that you are poor?
What is a suitable inpatient drug and alcohol rehab center near Wilkinson County GA?
What are the primary evidences biologists use to support the theory of human evolution and how are they rigorous enough for a scientific theory?
What are the beneficial things that could happen for the poor and middle class under Hilary Clinton?
Thierry Etienne Joseph Rotty, in a nuclear exchange between NATO and Russia, what targets would justify the use of SS18's that still have 20MT warheads?
How safe is Papua New Guinea, and how does it's crime rate compare to Botswana's?
I have to choose between two jobs - a government job and an IT job from a product company. Which one should I choose?
How would the dynamics of the Middle East and its individual countries change after ISIS is defeated?
If someone offered you  dollar 1,000,000 to stand in the middle of Time Square and yell \"Allah Akhbar!\", would you do it?
What would happen if you are falling from a great height and a platform is falling with you but you jump up right before impact? Is this possible?
A compound made up of C, N, and Mg on analysis gave the following data  Mg = 12g, C = 12g and N2 = 14g. What is the possible formula of the compound?
What will be the date and time for the first Clinton-Trump debate?
Which is a suitable inpatient drug and alcohol rehab center in Monroe County IA?
There is one thing I don't get in the Avengers. How can the logic of science and the concept of God exist in the same universe?
I have done MBA in international business and having 1.5 years of experience I need job out of India?
I'm a 16 year old girl and 4\"11. Can I still grow any taller?
What is the salary for engineers at Infosys, TCS, Wipro and Tech Mahindra in India having 5 years experiance?
How is it for a vegetarian bachelor to move from Bengaluru and start living in Trivandrum without knowing Malayalam a bit?
If today was your last day to live and you had unlimited money, what would you do?
What do I when I'm in love with a guy and all that guy can offer me right now is a \"friends with benefits\" sort of a relationship? He knows I love him and maybe he loves me too but at the moment he doesn't want to accept that it's love... could it (the relationship) lead any further?
In considering adoption/use of standards in your system(s), what criteria do you use and what are the reasons to use or not use open standards?
Where does the water from the Great Lakes come from, and how does these lakes wildlife compare to Lake Sevan?
What are the outcomes of banning liquor and pan masala in bihar?
How did Mundum neriyathum become an Indian state dress? What is its history and what is the inspiration behind its design?
In your career, you have seen so many young talents come and go. What is it that you look out for to understand that this guy would go all the way?
What are the merits and demerits of working in an MNCs and working with a small start up?
How much does it cost on average to get a haircut and hair coloring at a salon in the US?
What happens if a sailor drops out of SEAL and tries out BUD/S? Are they discharged from the Navy?
Is every prime number other than 2 and 3 of the form (6k\u00b11)?
What are some examples of Filipino traditions and beliefs, and how do they compare and contrast to those of Mexico?
When is the best time of day to post on Instagram and Twitter to get the most amount of likes?
Why do so many people support Hillary if she is lying, and wants to ban the 2nd amendment?
Are there any sites that teach programming and give good certificate?
What are the strongest majors in terms of job prospects and what are the weakest majors at Philadelphia University?
My download speed in Utorrent has reduced from 2mbps to 40kbps suddenly, and now it doesn't go above 40kbps, but there is no effect on the browsing speed. Why is this happening?
I am a 15 year old boy and my height is 5'6\". Am I too short?
Is it possible that women will rule the world in the future and men will be treated badly like women were treated in the past? Why?
How do you deal with the fact that most people are irrational and can't even follow a logical argument?
How did the abolitionism of David walker and William Lloyd garrison differ?
What is the nearest airport to Daytona Beach, and how do this cities tourist attractions compare to Fayetteville's?
Are Indian Muslims better educated and more prosperous than Pakistani Muslims? Why?
What happens when the ball hits the spidercam or its wire and goes for a six or a fielder catches it?
Why is it so hard for foreign students to make friend in India. Student and teachers treat me like a inferior. What should I do to make good friend?
What is a suitable inpatient drug and alcohol rehab center in Bureau County IL?
What is AA hockey? How is it played and how is it different from regular hockey?
What are your thoughts on the morality and ethics of the atomic bombings of Hiroshima and Nagasaki?
How long will Lortab stay in your system, and what can you do about it?
Why do the Jews reject Jesus as the Jewish Messiah & Prophet but both the Christians and the Muslims accept Jesus as the Jewish Messiah & Prophet?
Is a salary of  dollar 500,000 a year for the first year and  dollar 800,000 every year thereafter enough to mortgage a  dollar 1,000,000 house and a  dollar 1,300,000 Pagani Hyuara?
What does Turkey think of Pakistan and what do Turkish people think of pakistani?
Which band had the female drummer and a male vocalist/ lead guitarist?
How can we face death and not be scared of it?
Is Pirate Bay legal in the UK and does it give a virus?
How are the writings of \"kt\" and \"tta\" from each other? They look the same from this site.
If Belgium was ever partitioned, would Flanders join the Netherlands and Wallonia France, or would they remain independent republics?
Is it possible to score 150 marks in the JEE Mains and a good percentage in class 12 without any coaching ?
How do I read data from excel sheet and put it into jQuery?
Of the new canon Star Wars books and comics, which ones have you enjoyed most?
What is the difference between state education minister and education state minister in India?
How effective was steel armor such as chain mail and plate when its use was more common?
Why did Iran (Persia) become Islamic instead of Christian and why did Rome become Christian instead of Islamic?
Apart from considerable pay packets, what motivates people to learn and master programming? How does computer programming make the world beautiful?
Is a product manager like a data analyst, striving to read data in an objective manner, then making decisions that involve product design, marketing and distribution, or does a PM focus on how users react to the product's features?
320 million people in the US, many of the best brains, universities and companies on the planet, so why are all the presidential candidates so awful?
How can I lose both fat and muscle in my legs?
I have few queries related to compTIA and also I want to clear the certification exam. How should I proceed?
Why do we want what we can't have and what we have we don't want?
What is the relation between injection delay and fuel pipe length? Is it inverse relation?
Do a fighter jet pilot have relevant skills and training to fly an airliner (huge plane)?
I am a senior IT professional without a job and not able to find one. What should I do to earn a stable income and to keep myself occupied?
What are some of the good tier-2 and tier-3 cities in India from the point of view of education?
How do I make video with Taxt and images online for free?
My sister was getting messaged by some dude in the internet and when she didnt reply, his messages got angrier and angrier. Now he's saying he knows where she lives and knows that shes alone half the week when the kid is at his dad's. Whats the best way of stopping this guy?
Can an Indian invest and become a partner in Pakistani StartUp?
I am looking for a research topic in machine learning and big data analysis for a PhD. What are some ideas or suggestions?
What should I do to take the next step after learning the basic syntax and functions of a programming language?
How do I become a safety officer in HPCL and what are the educational qualification needed?
What are the growth opportunities in support and maintenance in software companies?
Is it illegal to download a video from some website and upload in my YouTube channel?
Who will win in a war between the USA and a coalition of China and Russia?
Why do I worry (about challenges at work) and feel guilty when I take time off my work? (officially)
How can we recognize a HPLC chart and a GC chart when we see each chart? What's the difference?
Why is Quora apparently satisfied with not providing more complete and clearer answers about improving the application of its moderation policies?
What topics should I concentrate on for an iOS developer interview, data structures and algorithms, iOS basics, creating personal apps, etc.?
What percentage of Australia is desert, and how do deserts in Australia compare to deserts in the US?
Can a research paper be done on the effect of monsoon on stock price return and volatility of Indian manufacturing sector?
What do OJ Simpson's children know about their mother and how she died? Do they buy the defense's story that OJ had nothing to do with her death?
What is a suitable inpatient drug and alcohol rehab center in Webster County IA?
Does a strongly interacting dark matter which fills 'empty' space and is displaced by matter make too much sense for physicists to understand?
What should be the relation between load and frequency in a power system?
Would Mike Tyson's physique and physical attributes be advantageous to a wrestler?
What are the most interesting products and innovations that E.W. Scripps is coming out with in 2016?
How do I market or increase visibility of a business website which buys and sells formats like photos, videos, documents etc.?
What should I focus more on being a fresher and working in a startup as a software developer for a better future?
I know a woman who is an exhibitionist and I think she wants to have sex with me. What should I do?
What do you do when your boyfriend tells you he is serious about the relationship but constantly tells you you are not intelligent nor smart and that he doesn't love you, but wants you to change so that he can fall in love with you?
Is there any website where you can put any idea and if someone liked it they may pay you for using it?
I'm 22 years old. I'm skinny. Male. Is it possible for me to gain muscle and weight within a year? Are there people who've done this? Suggest tips
What might have happened if the Vikings had invaded and settled in North America during Middle Ages?
If I delete my snapchat account, and reactivate it will the snaps I've sent still be there?
Why do we have a parade on republic day and not on independence day?
What is the difference between the pour-plate method and the spread-plate method in isolation of bacterial colonies?
What is the formula for sodium and iodine? How is it determined?
How does ladies tell their manager when they have periods and want leave. When you manager is a guy?
What is the Cat Stevens song where he sings about a husband and wife who are getting into fights and at the end the wife dies?
Which is a good inpatient drug and alcohol rehab center near Butler County AL?
Which religion from A Game of Thrones (A Song of Ice and Fire) would you follow? And why?
What is Bachelor of physiotherapy (BPT)? What are the job chances in India and abroad? How strong is BPT in coming years?
Most of the people selected in the civil services (IAS, IPS, IRS, IFS etc.) and other government jobs are intelligent, hardworking and honest. Why many of them become so corrupt soon after they join the government jobs in India?
Is there a website where I can collaborate online with comic book artists and authors in order to create a finished product that bears a creative commons license?
How does it feel to be average to poor at looks and to have a goodlooking kid?
My dad is wealthy and supports me. I'm only 18 but I feel like a failure in comparison to him and guilty of the money. How do I stop this?
I am looking forward to taking the CAT in 2017 and getting into top colleges. How should I plan my preparation?
Is there a significant performance difference between a MacBook Pro with 2.6 GHz i5 dual core and 2.8 GHz i7 dual core processors, both with 16 GB RAM and 512 SSD?
What is KIC 8462852 and why is it so popular right now?
What is the history of IBM? I mean to ask what they were actually and how they became super giants like in today's business. Who is the owner?
What must you do if you have a business idea and want to be an entrepreneur?
What is the importance of the \"Book Of Esther\", and why is God not mentioned in it?
What is the difference between red light, yellow light, and blue light on the cars of VIP and high-rank officers?
Noam Chomsky: Do you believe that the major events of history has been and is currently being run by an elite group of secretive powerful people?
If I am caught having sex with prostitute in India what will be the case booked and what would be the extent of the punishment?
Is it good idea to have a job (from diploma) and study btech at same time?
What would happen if a human were shrunk down and sniffed or licked by a giant dog?
How do I improve the mesh orthogonal quality and skewness in ANSYS workbench?
A large gym brand have allowed me to sell their service and I would like to market it . Should I seek their permission?
What is the Archimedes' principle and what are some examples of it?
What's the worst thing that happened to you and what did you learn from that?
How can I make best use of features such as the switch control, guided access, and the favorites icon in the assistive touch menu on an iPhone?
What if all clocks on earth were reset to 12 am, and no one remembered the exact time the event happened. Would we be able to get the old time back?
What are some good websites or blogs that one can follow, to gain and update one's knowledge of History, Politics and Economics of India?
I joined TCS in March 2014 and got an ILP rating of 3. I am in a support project since September, my confirmation is done with a rating of 3 in january, and I am being said that I'll be given D band in March 2015. How will that affect my salary?
What creates a cyclone in the Bay of Bangal and what is the impact to the coastal area?
How can you calculate total revenue and expenses on a financial statement?
I have recurrent neck pain at the junction between the skull and cervical. What should I do for relief?
In a four-team parliamentary debate, if the first proposition commits a squirrel and the opposition does not challenge it, what should the second teams do?
Why did the nerves in my shoulder spazz out and start to hurt from my date rubbing my shoulder gently?
Why IAS officers are eager to work in international institutions like the UN, the WHO and the World Bank? What benefits they get by it?
Why do people, when asked to \"pick a number between 1 and 10\" choose certain numbers at a higher frequency than others?
What is the earth's core made of and how did it come into creation?
How does one goes about using the Internet in order to identify hobbies a group of people have, and potentially serve those for profit, systematicly?
I am thinking of research on virus and bacteria. What do I have study after MBBS?
How do I gain traffic and email subscribers when your new to blogging and have no social media to promote content?
What is a consecutive calendar day and how is it related with the Pax Calendar?
What's the difference between the continental drift theory and the seafloor spreading theory?
How do vacuum cleaners of Dyson, Black & Decker and Bissell compare in quality and price?
Why is there a difference in shares outstanding in standalone and consolidated financial accounts?
My ex cheated on me and said that I don't deserve her and broke up with me, leaving me utterly broken and I still have feelings for her. What should I do?
Why do people ask question on Quora that can be easily and definitively answered by Googling?
Is there a way to explore fast Wikipedia articles and related Wikipedia links to build the graph of its pages structure?
What's the difference between the pen tool and the brush tool in Adobe Illustrator?
For the LinkedIn Connection network graph how many nodes are there, and how many links per node are there?
What is the difference between a crossed cheque and an account payee cheque?
During the Chris Wallace interview, why did Rodham attempt to extend and expand the lies already about sending secret emails on a personal server?
Will it take 6 to 8 months to print all new notes and for normal economic condition?
How do you request dash cam video, police officer's records for past speeding tickets issued and radar related evidence for a traffic trial in Texas?
What is the basic difference between 'anyway' and 'anyways'? What is the meaning of both words?
I have sent some contact details to my client, he says he will call those people and check. what should be my next email to him?
Is the current education system in most developed countries, invented by and reflecting the values of the industrial revolution, still the right approach to learning? If so, why? If not, what's stopping change?
Do you have to be young and stupid to become old and wise?
Passport: While filling up my application form I made a mistake in my mother's name spelling, and submitted the application. How can I rectify it?
What are some of the most memorable, intimidating and badass characters of all times?
What is something safe my psychiatrist can prescribe to help me with insomnia and trouble sleeping from using Prozac for 6 weeks?
What are the main imports and exports of Venezuela, and how does Venezuela's industry compare to Haiti's?
What would people learn if Donald Trump wins the presidential election and he turns out to be an evidently good president?
What will happen in world if everyone is highly educated and no one is there for doing odd jobs?
How do I burn fat and build muscle at the same time?
What is the difference between enum, union and struct in C programming?
My Nexus 7 is on the setup menu and it won't connect to the WiFi. What should I do?
Vinod Khosla: I am looking to build my own mobile apps and start my own company. What start-up advice can you give me?
How do I enable hardware virtualization in Windows 10 and how do I resolve the following error message in Android Studio 1.3.1?
What are some famous examples of self-incrimination? and Why is it prohibited in Article 20(3)?
How tall will I be? I'm 5'10 and a 14 years 8 months old boy.
Can you use the same mobile to enable a hotspot and connect to it via Wi-Fi?
I would like to put together an oil and gas prospect. What is some advice for doing this?
How can I make money online and what r the things I need to learn to start earning?
What is your favorite creature in Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them (2016 movie) and why?
What is the set up and hold time violations in VLSI?
Is it correct to use modals \"could\" and \"would\" in present tense?
What are the good, bad and ugly points of Hillary and Trump?
How do I create a PDF from PSD and maintain the image quality?
What is the cutoff for the CT1 and CT2 actuarial exams?
Sartre's \"a choice of myself in the world and by the same token . . . a discovery of the world\"?
How do I learn how to implement algorithms and data structures in C++?
What is the Elephants Foot and what risks does it pose?
What do puffins eat and what special cares do they need?
What is better for weight loss: counting calories or macros and how do I find my calories maintenance level?
What is it like to take nicotine, caffeine, and Adderall - all together?
I need JavaScript practice with problems and solutions, is there a good site?
Is it normal to be 30 and have never been in a relationship?
Why some people get everything very easily and some don't get even after so much hard work?
What are the advantages and disadvantages of doing M-Tech after B.E?
Is there an inpatient Drug and Alcohol Rehab Center in Modoc County California?
Which is a good inpatient drug and alcohol rehab center near Davidson County NC?
What are the values of square root of (-4) squared and -(4) squared, respectively?
I take 5 mg of generic Ambien at midnight, wake up at 4 am, and often can't get back to sleep. What can I do?
Ray Dalio in his economic machine paper writes that traditional economics is such that supply and demand is measured in quantity and price is described as changing via velocity. What does he mean?
How were the illegitimate children of royalty and nobility treated in Scandinavian history, specifically Norway?
What are some examples of endangered species in the tropical rainforest, and how do these differ from those in the artic?
I have a SaaS platform with about 800 users. I'm setting up MailChimp for newsletters and targeted groups. Should I also set up our database/servers by API for our transactional emails? Is that possible and recommended?
What should I do if my best friend is avoiding of me and doesn't talk to me anymore..?
How close are we to World War Three, and how bad would it be?
I have a job offer from IBM GBS and Accenture (VSP_2017) Which one should I choose?
What have you learned from being a Freemason - and what influence has it had on your life?
Why despite of being the 7th most spoken language and recognized as sweetest language people don't learn Bengali?
United Kingdom: How do people in Ireland and the different countries of the UK feel about each other?
What is the difference between WLAN 802.11 b/g/n and 802.11ac? Which is better?
Which is a suitable inpatient drug and alcohol rehab center near Cook County GA?
On my TI-89 titanium calculator, I accidentally deleted the list 2 and list 3 in the stats/list editor. How do I recover them?
What can be said about prawn farming, about its yield per acre and how much capital is needed to start the business?
Will NASA and all space agencies ever come out and tell humanity the truth about all of their lies?
What are the most interesting products and innovations that CSS Industries is coming out with in 2016?
What is a suitable inpatient drug and alcohol rehab center in Pike County IL?
What's the difference between cheap and expensive alcohol such as vodka?
What are some good and short term online courses to do?
Why is Psychology and Sociology a core subject for the students of SMBS and not for the other streams at VIT, Vellore?
What is the most viewed and most up voted answer on Quora?
My dad used to say that Beethoven's music was brave and Tchaikovsky's wasn't. Any idea what he meant?
What is the size difference between large and small Ray Ban aviators?
What are the origins of the N-word and its offensive meaning, and should we delete it from the dictionary?
Vedas: What are agnihotra, darsa, paurnamasa and caturmasa sacrifices prescribed for vanaprastha ashrama life?
Can you be a dds and perform oral surgery in the us?
How can one control their emotions and become quite \"mature\" enough to talk to anyone?
What is the best way to meet developers and programmers of my region?
How do I sign into my Facebook with a new cell number and stop the code from going to other?
What is the best fox hunting rifle and why? How is the rifle made?
I'm smart but lazy and this is having a negative impact on my work and life in general. How do I motivate myself to work hard for my goals and dreams?
My age is 25 and I am taking eltroxin 100mcg 21/2 dosage/day and now my TSH level is 0.01. What should I do?
Can I use NFL player images and logos on my website if I'm not making any money?
Why are many Marxists in academia obsessed with psychoanalysis in shaping and promoting their \"critical\" theories against capitalism?
What is the difference between having and not having the Chase debit card overdraft coverage?
How many languages can you speak and why did you learn them?
IS it possible that Rhaegar and Lyanna married before they died?
What if everything is a wave, and there are no particles?
What are some difficulties you have when learning and studying photography, specifically travel photography?
I want to do PhD in Canada or US ? What are the essential requirement and procedure? Tell me about funding too?
What would happen to your (manual) transmission and to the direction of your car if you shifted into reverse gear while at highway speeds?
How can professors in universities, especially top schools like MIT, Stanford, and Berkeley, publish so many papers per year?
What English dubbed anime websites and series are online, free and worth interest?
Why can't a bitcoin block chain be taken out of circulation and stored once it reaches a certain size and be replaced with a new block chain that starts where the \"full\" one ended?
Why is Right Wing too fast and Left Wing so slow?
How are our identities are shaped by home, displacement, and coming home from the military?
What is the career prospective for mba in port and shipping management and international transportation & logistics management?
Why is ASEAN one of the most peaceful and prosperious regions in the world?
If someone conducts an IQ competition between Alia Bhatt and Rahul Gandhi, whose chances are better to win the contest?
How can we absorb dangerous polluting gases like SO2, NO2 etc. and decompose them to useful substances ?
What was a regional movie broadcasted in DD1 which has the below story?  Story: a lady goes to a forest in search of a beautiful flower and she hires a small boy and finally at the end of the movie she finds the flower on the top of the tree. It was broadcasted in 1993.
How much do you earn a year and what do you do?
How do I prepare for NEET as a CBSE 12th grade science student with PCB and computers? Also how do I pass my 12th grade? I am terribly worried?
What are the strongest majors in terms of job prospects and what are the weakest majors at Chicago State?
My Nexus 5 will shut off randomly and won't turn on as if it were dead, how do I fix this?
I am skinny-fat. I am skinny by arms and chest but comparatively fat by belly and thighs. How do I get in shape?
I had an interview yesterday. It went well. Today I got a reply from HR saying that the team really liked me and wants to hire me but I have to wait for a few weeks until the company gets to decide new work plans. What should be the ideal way to communicate smartly in this situation?
Imagine that you tie a rope around the circumference of Earth and add 3 feet to its length. How far off the surface of Earth would it be?
I have been letting go, all the while. Now I stopped and so, the good life is nowhere. Is it my fault?
How safe is the campus at Claremont McKenna College and should anything be done to make it safer?
How do they scan our documents and activates jio sim card in India?
Is Quora just about love, dating and relationships? Common why dont we be sensible and ask some good questions only?
What are the strongest majors in terms of job prospects and what are the weakest majors at Saint Leo University?
What are the topics that are asked in IRA1 and IRA2 tests during TCS ILP?
How can I achieve something big in sports, like swimming, footbal or cricket? I am 27 and I have never participated in any major tourny in any sports.
A girl calls me only when she's feeling low and needs some entertainment. Is it wrong to feel offended?
Solve this for all masterminds !!              \u26a1I'am an 6 letter word      \u26a1First 4 is me \u26a12 and 6 are same letters \u26a11,2,6  means look  \u26a14,6,2 means type of payment        Who am l? Hints:- youngster's  favourite....  Ans?
What current totalitarian regimes encourage achievements in science and technology despite their oppressive states?
Why do the Chinese from China migrate to other nations and take over trade in many countries?
Which are some of the products and services you would limit your child from using?
What is the difference between 'iterate and classify' or 'classify only' in a k-means clustering in SPSS?
If police in 1988 rescued someone who had been kidnapped and given sodium Pentothal, would they send the victim to the hospital?
What is the so called knowledge and learning? What are the differences between these words?
What are the effects of the divided government during the Kennedy administration and did it have a positive or negative effect?
Can I apply to MIT after completing my B.Sc in Computer Science and engineering? If I can, what is the Qualification and requirements need?
When do I start for the GRE preparation and how do I manage to get a good score?
Should I leave my job and prepare for MBA, is it a wise decision?
Apps like Facebook and Messenger keep restarting even after I force to stop them. I've tried Greenify and it also didn't work. I'm on a non rooted phone. How can I force the apps to stop restarting?
I do not find the idea of partying fun, instead of which I like to stay home and learn something new, am I missing out on life?
How has porn influenced the sex life and the sex patterns of people? Did people have a boring sex life and sex techniques before porn came into being?
How are red blood cells structured and how do they function?
What do you do when you and your ex just broke up, and he's trying to still flirt with you, and it's the second time it's happened?
Who are the best and/or most frequently used startup and venture attorneys in New York City?
I don't have a copy of my birth certificate or my social security card and I need to get a new drivers license. What do I do?
What is really the difference between a throw-away prototype and an evolutionary prototype in software development?
Which company created the Spotify video and what was the cost/budget?
How do you remove your primary - and sole - network on Facebook?
Why do you need privacy and that what should be private?
Currently I am doing BA (HONS) Econmics from Hansraj college and I am very confused if I should pursue MBA or MA in economics after graduation?
What is the difference between a #6 and a #8 in soccer/football?
Does Islam require women to wear Hijab? I read the Quran, and it only says that women should cover their bosom. Have I misinterpreted?
What makes Xbox one and PS4 hard to crack for pirates?
Is it a special sophistication to use exactly the level of argument and creepy behaviour that is colloquially called trolling but without \"being one\"?
My grandfather is a central government employee.he and his wife gets monthly pension.how much pension will his wife get after grandfather's death.?
Is there a reason to go to the doctor if I feel healthy and have no symptoms of anything?
What is the development of a country and What are the indicators of Development?
How can I restore my lost and unsaved drawing back into paint.ink?
What are some of the longest words and their meanings in the English language?
What are the king and queen of fruits and vegetables (I'm sure that exists?
Which is a good inpatient drug and alcohol rehab center near Washington County GA?
What should I have to do to make my english and communication skills perfect?
What are the most interesting products and innovations that Bear State Financial is coming out with in 2016?
How come animals can eat raw meat and drink dirty water and humans can't?
What is a credit note and what are its advantages and disadvantages?
Why don't buffalo and the like evolve to band together against lions and cheetahs instead of run away?
What are some basic requirements gathering tools and techniques that a business analyst should know?
How does bureaucracy contribute to the effectiveness and efficiency of organisations?
Would signing of TTIP mean the introduction of class-action waivers and binding arbitration clauses (currently used by US companies) for EU consumers?
How can I master C++ and what is the best book/s for it?
Which are the best books for IIT JEE? Should I buy modules and study material from VMC, FIITJEE, Resonance, etc.?
Which is a suitable inpatient drug and alcohol rehab center in Delta County CO?
I've been working as a Systems engineer in an MNC for 2 years. To survive and grow in the IT industry in India, is a masters degree or MBA essential?
Am I silly for feeling sad about how Sophie Scholl died during Nazi Germany, and for saying that I would have married her because she was such a beautiful person with such a good heart?
Medicine and Healthcare: Is it bad to take both Pepto-Bismol and Imodium at the same time?
What is your viewpoint about Narendra Modi, the performance and vision of his government in the last one year and in the coming years respectively?
What are the strongest majors in terms of job prospects and what are the weakest majors at Loyola Marymount University?
Can I install Ubuntu in an external hard disk and get Windows and Ubuntu dual boot by connecting the external disk to my laptop?
What is the Difference between a Wet type and a Dry type Cylinder Liner?
Who's better: Pele, Ronaldo and Romario on one side and Maradona and Messi on the other?
Will spraying and misting a couch, including all seams, etc., with rubbing alcohol or, alternatively, liberally applying ordinary table salt into the cracks and crevices, dry out the bodies and eggs to kill fleas or bedbugs in a relatively less toxic way than pesticides?
Are there companies other than Netflix that, in lieu of options grants, pay all cash and then give employees the choice of how much of their salary to invest in options at a discount?
I am a final year student of a graduation course and have stored an aggregate of 48 percent in last two years. Am I allowed to appear for cat 2015?
What are some examples of endangered species in the tropical rainforest, and how do these differ from those in oceans?
Do you know UTMSPACE (School of Profesional and Continue Education) in Malaysia?
Who really has all the power and directs the critical decisions of India?
My passport police verification failed. Can I wait for 365 days and then re apply fresh again after that? Will I have problems because of the old one?
Is it possible to be admitted to Msc in Mathematical Modelling and Computational science in Oxford as a mechanical engineering undergraduate?
Is India being clever in not reacting aggressively against the recent insurgence by Chinese troops and later by Pakistani Troops? Or are we diplomatic cowards?
What are the different analytics and big data companies out there and how do they compare with each other?
What is single sign-on, OpenID, SAML and oAuth? How can they be used together?
What is the difference between IP67 and IP68? Can you go swimming with a product that has IP67?
How do I deal directly with production/publication houses, and get clothes/books to sell online on discounts?
What are the nutritional differences between fresh pasteurised milk and UHT milk? Is one superior, or is it negligible?
I'm a guy. If I ask out a girl and she says no, how do I make things not awkward?
Is the OBC quota at FMS Delhi and other B-schools applicable for the creamy layer as well?
A hospital didn't mention that a medical test is not covered through insurance before the test and later we got the bill.How can the bill be waived ?
What is the best Android app to listen and download english songs with Lyrics?
What are the strongest majors in terms of job prospects and what are the weakest majors at Stephen F. Austin State?
Why is there a difference of gravity between Mercury and Earth? Why does this happen?
Today, in the recording studios we have, sample rates are at either 96kHz or 192kHz and then masters are downsampled to 44.1K which is the CD sample rate. What was the typical sample rate used during the 90s and 2000s? Are 96K and 192K fairly new?
How might American history changed had Napoleon not sold Louisiana and tried to keep it as French territory?
I have changed my WiFi admin password and have forgotten it now. How do I get it back?
How can I factory reset my HP laptop without a screen (I broke it, and the external wont work when I try to factory reset it)?
Will not having friends in high school severely affect job and career opportunities in future?
What is the fate of Nuance Dragon NaturallySpeaking now that both Google and Apple have excellent voice recognition software?
A solid sphere, a hollow sphere, a solid cylinder, and a hollow cylinder are released from the top of an inclined plane. Which object arrives first?
Does anyone recommend learning Cantonese and Mandarin at the same time?
Will USPS deliver mail if names on mail and mailboxes don't match?
I sent a message to recipient who is not my friend on Facebook through my computer. I sent another one through Facebook Messenger and it is still marked as \"sent\" (but not delivered). Does this mean that the recipient marked my first message as spam?
How low can my grades be and still get into a T14 law school?
How do I prevent anxiety and depression from affecting my studies and especially concentration?
What are the key similarities and differences between capitalism and socialism?
What are the benefits of green jasmine tea, and how do they compare to those of oolong tea?
What do atmospheric scientists and environmental scientists think of each other?
Company didnt paid the total f&f amount, and I collected back the company laptop?
A distribution transformer is rated at 18 kVA, 20,000/480 V, and 60 hz. can this transformer safely supply 15kVA to a 415-V load at 50hz? Why or not?
What else one need apart from a good CG and IITian tag to get a good job( Chemical Engineering)?
If real numbers are in x[/math]-axis and complex numbers in y[/math]-axis, what is in the z[/math]-axis?
I took some moocs before college and now I feel like college is horrid, what do I do?
Why do some people choose to pay more tax and prefer to get it back later, as opposed to paying less in the first place?
Is it weird for my parents to offer my brother and I alcohol at the age if 15?
Science: Is there any possibility that our private information, such as videos and files posted on the Internet or normal conversation logs via satellite systems, could be leaked from Earth to space as radio waves?
What is the main reason for discontinuing 500 and 1000 Rupees Note in India? What are the pros and cons of it?
Do mice really like cheese like in those old Tom and Jerry cartoons? If not, how did this myth come to be?
I am able to visualize 1 to 4 dimensions as a line, plane, space and time (time of space). How do I visualize the 5th dimension?
What is the relationship between viscosity and density? Explain simply but with scientific reasoning?
How are people compensated for having restraining orders issued against them and losing their rights to bear arms if they are found not guilty?
I am confused between KTM Duke 390 and RC 390 (2017 model)?
Can I use one adhaar to generate bar code and other adhaar card to get geo sim at reliance store?
I don't understand shear force and bending moment diagrams what should I do?
Could someone convert to Judaism who doesn't believe in God and then become a Jewish atheist or is that just for people born Jewish?
I'm pursuing BE in Mech.(3rd year) and looking to join a core company after graduation. My long term aim is to get admission in FMS , Delhi. Should i go for work experience and then join the B-school or join it straight after college graduation?
What is the difference between an object based and an object oriented language?
Do you need form 1 and 2 for permanent license in pune?
If you accidentally followed someone on Twitter and then unfollowed them a few seconds later, will they still know you followed them?
Laptop with 1.7GHz Intel Core i3 4005U, 8GB RAM, and Nvidia GeForce 930M(2gb). Is it good for medium gaming without lag?
Between 6 new IIMs (Trichy, Ranchi and others), NITIE, DMS (IITD) and SJMSOM (IIT B) which one to choose in order of preference?
If I'm working on a important project with 4 teammates, but 3 of them are unmotivated and unproductive, how can I tell them they're fired, assuming they are close friends of mine and I don't want to hurt their feelings?
I missed my internal exams and Iam feeling guilty. How can I deal with this?
How is the Deakin University's masters in electrical and renewable energy engineering?
What is the difference between xib and storyboard? Which one is better and why?
Can I join a military branch in the US if I have ADHD and I take 30mg of medicine a day?
Why don't airlines invest in parachutes for each passenger and a hatch above their heads to eject them out if there is a disaster?
Status whatsapp read blue tick and delivered grey tick what do they mean for?
How do I change the date and time setting on Gmail?
If Donald Trump loses convincingly in November and vows never to run again, what potential candidates might his supporters back in 2020?
My ex-girlfriend liked my pictures on Facebook and then blocked me shortly after. What does this mean?
What are the things you know and I don't know, but I need to know?
Why does my iPhone 5s get hot and run out of battery quickly?
I had my Google interview around the 15th of October and I havent heard from them yet. Does that mean I am likely to be rejected?
Which is a suitable inpatient drug and alcohol rehab center in Brown County IL?
Bioinformatics: How good are the (molecular docking) results obtained through Auto dock and how does it differ from the results of Schrodinger?
What's the difference between a 1.6Ghz snapdragon 400 quad-core processor and a 1.2GHz Snapdragon 410 quad-core processor with 64-bit?
What is the best day of your life and what made it so amazing it stayed in your mind forever?
With an African American holding the world's most powerful Job POTUS. Does the world look at African Americans differently in that with hard work and opportunity we are just as good as any other race/ethnic group of people?
How do you get in contact with the Better Homes and Gardens customer service?
What are the pros and cons vs. C++, Python and Java?
I eat healthily, exercise daily. I wake up at 2-3 am and lie in bed awake unable to fall asleep for 2-3 hours. What can do so I STAY asleep at night?
I'm emotionally very weak, get upset on small little things and end up crying alone. How can I make myself strong?
How many packaging boxes does Amazon use in a year and how many trees are cut down to produce them?
What is right to life liberty and pursuit of happiness? What are some examples?
I just completed my 12th with 96.4 percent, but my rank in KEAM is less around 22k. All I want to learn is MBBS and I really love the profession, but I don't like the idea of spending a year for repeating it. What if I don't even get it again? What should I do?
How much does it cost on average to get a haircut and hair coloring at a salon in India?
Have you ever had an abusive parent and how did you forgive them?
If you could go back in time, and stop yourself from doing one thing, what would it be?
How do we go about predicting individual user's expertise in a Human Intelligent Task(HIT) and based on this prediction, present that user with those HITs which she might be good at?
What is the evidence that time and space was created during Big Bang?
I plugged my iPhone cable into my MacBook Pro while I was using the phone and the logic board immediately failed. Is this a known issue?
Where can I buy fresh vegetables and fruits in bangalore through online?
How is the life of Sikhs and Hindus in Pakistan and Bangladesh?
Is the verdict given in Salman Khan's hit and run case right or wrong?
Is there a recommended Solar Energy provider and Panel Installation company in Cornville AZ?
What has been the biggest mistake of your life and the best decision of your life?
How can I send a text message and make it look like it came from someone else phone number?
L'Amour Serum Evaluation: Just how Safe and also Effective is this Item?
My Twitter account has been hacked and I want it back. What should I do to get my account back?
Will I be considered lazy by employers if I just study to pass my computing degree in college and put most my time in learning web development home?
What is the best way to consume turmeric and what are its health benefits?
I have 4 years of experience as a Java developer and due to some reasons I have changed jobs 3 times. What is an ideal career path for the future?
What makes luxury brands so luxurious and expensive, of course, aside from the quality materials?
How does one invest in mutual funds? What are the pros and cons of investing in a mutual fund?
Why does my period stop for one day and start again the day right after?
What is the role of design engineers and civil engineering designers in civil department?
Who is the richest gambler of all time and how can I reach his level as a gambler?
Can you suggest me some new custom handlebar and tailpipe for the new \"Bajaj Avenger 220 Street\"?
What happened to the seized money and valuables, when Pablo Escobar died?
Why do my snapchat stories sometimes disappear and where do they go? Can I recover them?
Which is the good motherboard and cooler for i5 6600k? I dont have a high budget.
How do I stop the influence of my mother-in-law over my husband and how to stop her from telling me what to do in my own house in a polite way?
My 4-year-old daughter talks a lot, meaningful and random stuff. Should I stop her when she talks about random stuff? How to deal with this?
Where can I get a full array of colors and sizes for bridesmaids dresses in Gold Coast?
How do I call web Api in Android and I am getting response in JSON?
What is the best job for someone who loves building interfaces that interact with data systems and is in the process of acquiring data science skills?
Would a Hillary Clinton presidency make a Republican majority House and Senate more likely for the entire term? Are there any progressive plans in jeopardy?
What is the use of a pumice stone and should it be replaced?
I am a dancer and I have my own class but I am financially weak and I want to help poor child to learn dance what should I do?
What is going on between Pakistan and India as of late 2016?
What are possible causes for nausea, heartburn and diarrhea all occurring at the same time?
Could you give tips on how to declutter one's digital life, such as online accounts and profiles, email, social media, online photos and videos etc.?
How do startups in the food industry keep their recipes secret when they are still small, and aren't necessarily using commercial machinery?
Are Dr. Najeeb lectures worth the time and money if I have one year to prepare for USMLE?
According to Genesis when God created Adam and Eve, they gave birth to Cain and Abel and Cain killed his brother. Where did Cain get his wife?
How can I get good marks in GA and Mathematics, in GATE exam?
What was Uttank Kaul's JEE Main and Advanced Rank and how did you get into MIT?
What are the most crucial advantages and disadvantages of television advertising?
What is the total real cost per MP and MLA per year to the Indian Taxpayer?
Why the 8.2 degree earthquake of 2010 in Chile caused damage in a few buildings and the one of only 6.2 that was in Italy caused so much damage?
If I call someone on their mobile number and they don't pick up, should I leave a voicemail?
How can I make a bow and arrow like the Green Arrow has?
What is the difference between an illiterate and uneducated person? Can a person be literate but uneducated?
Can a non resident with a US address and Tax ID own a car in USA?
What could cause my 2008 Nissan Rogue to shake, and the engine light to go on?
Which is a good inpatient drug and alcohol rehab center in Union County LA?
What is the difference between 1BDR and 2BDR in GSHOK watches?
How do working moms find time and inspiration to come up with healthy meals for the family?
How do I recover a deleted contact in Android which hasn't been backed up in Google and deleted from the phone nearly a month ago?
What are the good things about 9 to 5 jobs apart from fat paychecks, AC and job security. Anybody completely satisfied with it?
What could be an innovative and presentable project by ece student in 2nd year?
Which European countries did not participate in WW2 and how did they manage to do it?
How good were Bill Gates and the late Steve Jobs at programming?
My old father paased away before two months. I dreamt him sleeping on his bed smiling and said he is alive, he walked however he was unable to walk.?
How do I get an ex-roommate's stuff out of my apartment? It's been two months, and he still hasn't picked it up despite saying he will.
My guy and I have been dating for a more than a year. Recently, our teachers got to know and both our parents were called. What do I do?
A query about hardening of metal using quenching process. To get the hardness of 600 BHN the time span of 10 mins are required and want to reduce the time span of the work without affecting the hardness. The quenchant used is water. What changes should I make in the quenching process?
What is the difference between .mp3 and .wav formats? Which is better?
How can MRI scans cause burning and damage to the body?
I lost my job. Sometimes I feel I cannot do anything and I feel bad. I don't know where I can go. Where can I find help?
What should be the duty of teacher and preacher according to Veda?
I saw a rose spark on the ceiling. I stood on a stool and looked at the place. There was a black dot. Can it be due to cosmic rays or atomic decay?
What is the expected release date and price of PS4 slim in India?
Are our political leaders by invoking the emotions of cast and religion, are not dangerously spreading hatred and division among the people?
What are the sweet and bitter truths about MS in USA?
Should I give up on dating women since Idont look like Brad Pitt and women don't care about personality in a male?
What is the deepest lake in Europe, and how does this lake's flora and fauna compare to that of Lake Chad?
How do you grate coconut and what tool you use for the same?
I have an offer from QMU in MSc Regenerative Medicine and from UNH in MS Cellular and Molecular Biology. Which offer should I accept and why?
How many jobs would increased border security and a border wall being built make?
Has there ever been anyone who has completely died and come back to report that they didn't experience any kind of afterlife?
What can an individual or a family or a business in Mali do today to prepare and adapt for the coming impacts of climate change?
How exactly does banning Rs 500 and Rs 1000 notes curb the problem of black money?
How should Muslims interpret the verses 9:5, 9:29, and 4:89? In what contexts were these verses in the Quran revealed?
Why is it so that a very few officers make it to ranks above colonel and equivalents in Indian Military Services? And those who do are mainly from NDA.
Why can't China be like India and stop being obsessed with the Olympic games?
I am 25 years old. I am thin, 141 pounds and 6ft. I really want to build a good body. How do I start?
Which Country offers Good IT jobs for experienced Indian Expats and reasonably an easy entry to the country too?
If Trump gets elected, how long will he last, and what will be the last straw?
What are George R. R. Martin's strengths and weaknesses as a writer and a storyteller?
India: I have a T.D.S. certificate (form 16 A). How and Where do I cash this certificate? How to file ITR for taking credit of TDS?
If you could travel back in time just one day before starting your start-up and talk to your former self, then what advice will you give?
Did the holocaust create 6,000 tons of phosphate and they just dumped this in a pond or whatever?
What would be the fastest and most efficient way to kill someone?
How do Bangalore bus routes compare to Ranchi's, and what authority oversees them?
What is the difference between an ASP and DSP in Indian Police force?
What are the things I need to know and the things I need to do to startup an automobile company?
Why do I sometimes struggle to swallow and when I do force it it hurts?
What youth of other colleges of India have to offer to anti national comments and sloganeering by few JNU students? Don't you feel pain?
Why is pewter so expensive, and how does its properties compare to those of copper?
Why do some whites hate, demonize, fear and look down on blacks? Is it about their white self image?
I have completed everything for my IPCC nov 2016 attempt but still revision is left and I'm not feeling confident yet. Is it normal? I'm quite nervous
What are the differences between the Lyft and Uber corporate program?
I am from DTU in the 2nd year of the mathematics and computing branch. I want to intern this summer. How do I apply off campus and which company would be the best for me?
My fianc\u00e9 and I had a lot of problems in the past few months. He has been in my country now for 3 months. How can I resolve all the problems and the gap that has been created in our hearts? How can I get him to fall in love with me all again?
How does Van der Waals and London dispersion forces work between atoms and molecules? How much stronger is a covalent bond than Van der Waals force?
Is it possible to make a sound at one side of the earth and hear it from the other side?
What is a suitable inpatient drug and alcohol rehab center near Phillips County CO?
Who is the most lauded and renowned person in the world?
What are the differences between local, state, and federal law enforcement?
How could one go about resetting oral flora and reintroducing good/beneficial flora?
What are all the pros and cons of becoming a veterinarian?
I am in class 9. One of my friends joined fiitjee in class 7 and he has a lot of knowledge. Should I join it in class 10? Please give reasons.
How is it for a Indian man who marry a foreigner and decides to live in India?
Why do I have serious short term memory problems and how can I deal with this?
Is it normal to be an introvert and as well as an extrovert?
I put on weight, My office is on 10th floor and I am planning to use the stairs instead of elevator, is it a good idea?
When dreaming, why do I get superpowers and see things which are not possible in real life?
A crew team rows a boat at a rate of 20 km/h in still water. In practice on a river, the team rows for 30 minutes up the river and then for 30 minutes down the river. The speed of the river current is 1.5 km/h. How much farther did they travel in the 2nd 30 minutes?
What are the differences between epoxy and polyurethane? What are some examples?
Why is China investing  dollar 45 billion in Pakistan, and only  dollar 20 billion in India?
What is the significance of the Patriot Act: Section 215, and what should happen to it by June 1st of 2015?
What is the best way to cook and eat a hard boiled egg?
Why there is a conflict between Pakistan and Balochistan? Someone please give me explaination of it.
What does it mean when you file a police report and the police later tell you it's suspended \"basically closed\"?
If you're an atheist, does the thought of God being real and you possibly going to hell scare you?
Applied for SBI ATM/Debit Card renewal and received two cards. Is it okay to have two debit cards?
What is difference between islands and different types of arcs? What is the difference between seamount and mid oceanic ridges?
What would make my hot water faucet suddenly start groaning and running just a trickle unless I open it a full turn?
What is the quantity of steel, cement, sand, and aggregate required for a 900 sq ft area of RCC?
The number 45 is divided into four unequal parts such that when 2 is added to the first part, 2 is subtracted from the second part, 2 is multiplied by the third, and the fourth part is divided by 2, all four operations result in the same number.  What is that number?
Does Trump have a problem with women and how could he change that?
How should I fill the given name and surname when filing for a passport application?
Why is it that everyone's favourite car is the \"Ferrari\" and then when you ask which they say \"the red one\"?
Which branch has better scope - Electrical and Telecommunication (ETC) or Electrical and Electronics Engineering (EEE)?
What social networking sites are useful besides Facebook, Twitter and LinkedIn to increase an online presence?
If you need cash as soon as within a week, what and how do you earn it using the internet as a platform?
How does e-marketing companies such as freecharge and paytm  profit despite coupons they give out to customers for promotion ?
Is Apple Pay less appealing now that the Galaxy S6 and S6 Edge can make payments at any store with a credit-card reader using Samsung Pay?
When Australia became a nation in 1901, Did aboriginal women lose their human and voting rights which were legislated in 1896.
How is rpm affected if I increase voltage and lower resistance in a DC motor?
I'm always horny, 19 years old and a virgin ironically. How do I control it?
My boyfriend is losing interest in me and treats me as on option. I am tired and want to move on. Should I initiate the break up and make him happy?
I am 13 and can't meet my bathroom needs. It gets very noticeable and I must wear diapers and go to the nurse to get changed daily. How can I stop?
What race is a mix of Lebanese, White and Hispanic considered?
What is the best budget hotels in Goa for accommodation of me and my friends in this coming New Year eve?
How popular is the usage of Th\u1ecb (female) and V\u0103n (male) in Vietnamese names nowadays?
If you accidentally follow someone on Instagram and then unfollow them a few seconds later, will they still know you followed them?
Who can be the Albert Einstein, Isaac Newton and Srinivasa Ramanujan from other countries?
What are some tips for balancing work and professional relationships when they cross?
I have sent a message on WhatsApp; it only has one tick and I can't see the last seen time - Have I been blocked?
I have a bump on my ear from a piercing. I took out the earring. Now there's a little bump and blood and a little pus comes out the back. What can I do?
Can I retire with this farm lifestyle and  dollar 100,000K savings?
What can be the reason for my one hand getting colder and the other staying warm in the winter (on some occasions)? Is there any medical reason for this?
How do I recover my hacked Instagram account? Password and email has been changed. Is it possible to recover it by using my signup mail that I got?
Is going to a hostel and leaving your family and friends behind worth it?
I am pursuing MBA in Finance from one of top B-Schools in India, is Investment Analysis and Portfolio Management an important subject for placements?
I am confused between iPhone 6 and Samsung Galaxy S6 edge?
I was getting Exploration Geophysics at IIT KGP in my 1st year but due to my careless and ignorant attitude, I got Physics. I am a 6 pointer now in 2nd year and I deeply regret my decision as the placement of my department is almost nil. Have I done the biggest mistake of my life?
Are there any particular channels/blogs/tutorials which teaches retouching and model Photoshop techniques in an organized way?
What is the difference between \"at the end\" and \"in the end\"? What are some examples of their usage to differentiate?
If my song consists of the guitar chords Em and G, where on the fretboard do I play the solo?
Can you suggest some universities for MS in automobile engineering and industrial engineering in Germany?
I fell in love with my best friend and tell her about it but she didn't replied?
Recently, I heard that Xiaomi will be releasing the Mi Note soon in India, while the Mi Note Pro and Mi 5 will be coming later with MiUI 7 out of the box with Android Lollipop. Will Xiaomi release a black variant of these phones?
What are the positive and negative impacts of movies on society?
I accidentally sent a snap to Team SnapChat and I got notified that they took a screenshot. What do I do? What can they do?
A horse rider went a mile in 5 minutes with the wind and returned in 7 minutes against the wind. How fast could he ride a mile if there was no wind?
Has the influence of Jews in science and math been underestimated?
One year on and I can't get over my abusive ex. I am sure he wasn't right for me and I would probably not go back but why do I miss him so much?
What is Brushless Dc motor and can it be used to produce high speed and torque?
Is there a site where you can safely synchronize and archive all your internet activity, emails, chat, Android and Windows app data? A storage service that doesn't have the option to be deleted?
How can you determine the melting and boiling point of nitrogen?
Is it possible to get 10 LPA and a salary in the PSU? Which PSU offers such salaries?
How do I get the attention of and impress Neri Oxman?
How can I train my mind to be positive and not be stuck in negative thoughts?
What techniques are used to capture the sun or moon and make it look large in photos and movies?
I bought a fake Xiaomi Power Bank. When I charged it, only the first LED light turned on and just kept blinking the whole 5 hours. When I unplugged it, it doesn't turn on or even charge my phone. What should I do?
Who would win in a match between Pete Sampras and Roger Federer, assuming both are playing to the best of their capabilities?
What are the best cities for living and working in Canada?
As a future journalist/writer, is it better if I do undergraduate in the UK and then postgraduate in the USA or the opposite?
Is 30 too old to begin and become good at a sport?
Can one be an atheist (person who denies the existence of a supreme being or beings) and still believe in an eternal soul and/or reincarnation?
What is the difference between falling in love with someone and being in love (just only to love)?
Is it true that bananas are radioactive, and if you eat too many they can kill you?
How can I import goods from Aliexpress to India? What is the procedure and process for customs on it? How much will I have to pay?
I am studying degree in computer science. But I am not good at coding and basics. What should I do to improve my coding skills?
How do people feel about those who pronounce words like \"huge\" and \"human\" without the \"h\" sound?
Crime Statistics: Does the US have comparatively more prisons, prisoners, and prison spending than other countries? Why?
I have a sting while drinking cool water and I can feel a little sensitivity on my teeth. What should I do?
How do I get a Starbucks gold card and what do I need to do?
I'm a 34 years old married to a woman. I had an affair for 12 years with my male friend who is also married to a woman and is gay/bi. He says he always felt guilty and now claims I made him gay. He wants nothing to do with me. I am really hurt as I am in love with him. What should I do - conversion therapy or take another male lover?
Can a fever cause an increase in heart rate, and if so, why is this beneficial?
Which are the reputed universities in Europe and North America which charge no application fee?
Do anime series depict japanese people and culture as they really are?
Do girls text first normally? If you're a girl and you text a guy first, what would be your reason for texting first?
I have done my engineering and working in a BPO and I want to pursue LAW now?
What are the major reasons that two-wheelers and motorbikes are not designed on diesel engines?
I feel like I have wasted my life by watching anime and playing games. What should I do?
What is the definition of 'jaunty' and how is it used in a sentence?
I'm 15 year old my height is 5 feet 7 inches and my weight is 50 kg what should I do to gain weight?
How can I study and memorize a large amount of information and then recall it for an exam?
The first term of a geometric sequence is 16 and the fifth term is 9. What is the value of the seventh term?
What is the Stoned Ape Theory and what does it consist of?
Can an advanced high school student read and understand CLRS \"Introduction to Algorithms\"?
I was out of u.k for over 180 days in last year. But I have residency and my 4 year old daughter is British.can I still get British citizenship? E
How can I Publish Theses on Epidemiology and Health on International Library for thesis?
Should i do MS in Biomedical engineering as I am exercise physiology graduate (BS) and I am planning to go for master degree in BME ?
I am in 10th grade, living in Central Europe, and want to move to the US. I am crying every day because I hate where I live. What do I do?
What are Robert Frost's views on the technical aspects and practical possibilities about Elon's latest speech on colonizing Mars?
What are the strongest majors in terms of job prospects and what are the weakest majors at Cal State Bakersfield?
Why am I so scared to stand up for myself and how do I overcome my fear?
Why would FedEx agree to their plane crashing in the movie Cast Away, and what was the impact on their brand?
Which books should be the best for the JE and AE exam preparation for civil engineering students?
How can I start my own ISP and start to provide a broadband service in my area?
Why does my fianc\u00e9 no longer crave sex, and has pain during intercourse?
What is the difference between a GApps Minimal .zip file and GApps .zip file while flashing a new ROM on an Android device?
What does the public think about mandatory seat belt laws and what are the current laws and enforcement techniques in Alabama?
How do I create a Wikipedia page for my company and what are the things I should keep in mind before starting?
What is the job profile of rbi grade b officer and what are the future avenues?
What is the best note making and revision strategy for integrated UPSC Mains and Prelims preparation?
Is a child gifted if he/she can solve 150-piece puzzle at age 3 and 300-piece puzzle at age 4? If not, what is the minimum no. of pieces to be gifted?
What are the best times to study, read, research, write and so on, for mental clarity and/or creativity, in a 24-hour day (from the time you wake up)?
How do mobile companies like Micromax and Karbonn works in India?
What is the best place to stay at on Highway 1 / Pacific Coast Highway between San Francisco and L.A. with a reasonable budget (at least midway on the way to L.A.)?
Could AI colonize space with human eggs and sperm and be the partners with artificial wombs?
Why does India perform poorly in the Olympics and other international sports events?
What is difference between China and the United States to send gifts?
Why do cars steer with their front wheels and not with their back wheels?
Why do most Clinton supporters seem to not care about the recent DNC email leaks, and would their opinions differ if the situations were reversed?
I'm 26 years old and not married. I had sex with a married woman who is pregnant and I ejaculated inside her. Is it safe for both of us since we did not use a condom?
In order to save domestic jobs, a country should restrict imports and increase exports. Is this statement true?
I have been in a relationship for 13 years. My partner is intensely private and has not wanted to join me at family gatherings. He is single and his 25 year old son is finally self-sufficient. Will his and my family commitments give way?
What are the laws and regulations regarding bail bonds in Alabama and how does it differ from Alaska?
Can President Trump approve the construction of the wall between Mexico and the US by issuing an \u201cexecutive order?\u201d
Where does most of the halal meat in London come from and how are the animals treated?
I am moving to Bangalore in a month and I am nervous about it. What would be your tip to me?
What are the strongest majors in terms of job prospects and what are the weakest majors at the University of Nebraska-Lincoln?
How do I lose my leg fat, without getting muscular? I have been working out and have since then-developed thick muscular legs. (Gymnast legs) However, if I wish to have thin legs, then what type of calisthenics should I perform?
Do we really need a 2GB, 3GB or 4GB RAM and Octacores on smartphones? If not, why do these companies make them and put ridiculous prices on them?
Digestion: Why do we taste food sometimes when we burp? Even after hours of eating and sometimes tasting food that wasn't the last thing we ate
What are the clothes and undergarments should I wear to gym?
Can you connect a monitor which has HDMI, DVI and DisplayPort, to a laptop that only has VGA?
Can you get Hulu Plus and Netflix on a Kindle Fire?
Is it possible to believe in genetic differences between \"races\" and ethnic groups without using it to claim some superiority?
What are the strongest majors in terms of job prospects and what are the weakest majors at Cal State Dominguez Hills?
I need suggestions right now I have completed my BCA and placed in wipro Gis, but I always want to be a fashion designer what should I do?
What is the best advice to succeed on Amazon FBA and make a killing off of it? What mistakes would you tell me to watch out for?
Who will win the 3rd match between England and Bangladesh in the 2016 Kabaddi World Cup?
How does the average Russian citizen view and feel about the United States of America and its people?
How can I unlock my iPhone off the iCloud lock screen and the other guy won't give me his password?
What site/app do people use to talk to and meet other travelers and english speakers in Japan? Specifically Tokyo.
What other countries in the world use the same toggle and decora style light switches as those used in homes throughout the USA?
What are things I can do to keep myself awake and energized throughout the day?
If I get a will of money when my grandparents die, and I'm on disability, will the government take the disability away?
Is social media marketing on Facebook or Instagram better, and why would I choose one over the other?
What is the average customer acquisition cost and lifetime value for gyms? **the gym MUST at least have free weights**
Why do solar PV cells use semiconductors and not conductors, which have significantly lower band gap?
Pricing: What is the typical ratio of usage, between services that charge for their service, and their competitors that give a similar service away for free?
If I check my weight (in an accurate weighing machine) before and after masterbating / ejaculating will there be a slight reduction in weight?
How long does it take to learn and complete the certification course \"Six Sigma Green Belt\"?
When I stand up too fast or step outside at day I have a wave of dizziness and dots flashing across my vision, why is this?
Did Ayn Rand really accept Social Security and Medicare in the late 1970's?
What are some things that are very cheap in India and at the same time very costly in the USA?
Is it true that Isaac Newton was born prematurely and had autism or obsessive compulsive disorder?
What is the difference between Maximum Likelihood (ML) and Maximum a Posteri (MAP) estimation?
Why Hell is all world ruled, robbed and ruined by the jews as it is now?
How can I get MOOC/E-learning through online Web and Video courses related to Merchandising Management developed by Indian professorial/professors?
What is the best time to trek Kodachadri and how do I prepare for it?
If my wife went to the hospital 2 days straight, sent home with a CO2 level of 6 and low glucose and 2 days later the baby dies. Are they at fault?
Could I learn a language only for writing, listening and reading and then developing speaking skills?
What is the difference between primary secondary and tie beam and where are located in building and how can we identify them and what are their purpose?
What are the best scholarship programs for PhD with politics, international relations and public policy background? Particularly in the UK, US and Turkey? Any ideas?
Is Manaphy from \"Pokemon Ranger and The Temple of The Sea\" considered a whore?
Which is a suitable inpatient drug and alcohol rehab center near Izard County AR?
What is narcissistic, Borderline, and antisocial (ASP) personality disorders? Do symptoms overlap?
Where do I find free answer key for wren and Martin by Prasad Rao?
Which is a good inpatient drug and alcohol rehab center in Lee County AR?
My second sponser visa under process and my first sponsor visa now its cancelled?
If you could travel back in time and give your younger self one piece of advice, what would it be?
If water freezes at exactly zero degrees Celsius, and ice melts at exactly zero degrees Celsius, what would happen to a bowl of ice and water at exactly zero degrees Celsius?
I appear once in a second, twice in a month, and 3 times in a year.what am I? Who can answer this first?
What are the worst national highways of India and what are the best NH of India?
What people from other countries think about Indian 500 and 1000 rupee currency demonetisation strategy that currently happening?
How was life in Russia after February Revolution and before October Revolution?
Who fought in the Battle at Vimy Ridge and how long did the battle last?
What are the issues currently faced by the Philippines' business process outsourcing industry, and what are some possible resolutions to these issues?
What's the difference between piece dyed and yarn dyed fabric? Is one better than the other?
What is the importance of education to the United States and how are their views of education different from Slovakia's?
How can UV-Vis be used to characterize the cis and trans isomers of an inorganic complex?
What are some Japanese website to watch videos on and how popular are they in Japan?
What is the difference between the principal quantum number (n) and the azimuthal quantum number (l) and what do they mean?
If I'm (an OBC) doing a lucrative job (>6 lpa), and quit, will I be eligible for OBC reservation ? What about creamy layer thing ?
I am expecting 240 marks in the JEE Mains paper, 2 B.Arch. and 59 percent in 12th boards. What is the best college that I can get for architecture?
I love a girl and so does she. She is a Brahmin and I am not Brahmin. What should I explain to her parents?
What are the requirements to become president in the United States and how are the requirements different in the Republic of China?
I'm very excited about this new blogging platform Ghost. The markdown support and live preview are amazing. How they are developing extensions for markdown like drag and drop image upload?
How bad is the server security on Clinton and the DNC that they keep getting hacked?
Is it right to say that the difference between tangential velocity and orbital velocity is the path of their travel?
What's the body that governs sports in Poland, and its (email) contact point?
What is the code of conduct in health and social care? What are some examples?
Is it legal to exchange Indian currency (notes and coins) in India at premium?
Why do we need healthcare reform and what are the top elements of healthcare that need reform in US?
Which is a suitable inpatient drug and alcohol rehab center in Washington County ID?
Which army special unit is much more experienced and well trained, the SSG(N) or the MARCOS?
How is connection established if the sender and receiver has the same email server?
How can I manage a startup, a full-time job and have a girlfriend while still being at university at the same time?
Is there a possibility that Pakistan and Bangladesh joining India again?
Why would someone want to go on the Jeremy Kyle show and publicize all their family issues?
What is the academic pressure and workload at Lehigh University like?
Why does officials take left thumb print for males and right thumb print for females?
What are some things that programmers and computer scientists know, but most people don't?
When 5 times the larger of the two numbers is divided by the smaller, the quotient and the remainder are 2 and 9 respectively. What is a linear equation in two variables? How can it be written in standard form? How do I solve this problem?
The SP Flash Tool is not detecting or starting the download on my Micromax A106 and also the recovery is not working. What should I do to install the MIUI ROM?
What are the best books for \"General Studies\", \"General English\" and \"Current Affairs\" for preparation of IES Civil Engineering 2016?
What\u2019s Hillary Clinton\u2019s position on NASA and the value of space exploration?
What are the aims and objectives of Cadbury chocolate and how close do they come in attaining?
If you could go back in time and change one event in your life, what would it be and why?
Where can I get best quality wall and floor tiles at very affordable rates in Sydney area?
When it comes to ISI and CMI coaching in Kolkata there are many options which seems promising. Ctanujit classes and the Sourav sir's classes to be good options. What was your experience with these two options?
Why is lemon juice made with artificial flavor and dishwashing liquid made with real lemons?
My now ex-girlfriend left me after cheating on me and telling me she wants to be free. What should I do?
How do I start learning electronic music production? Should I begin with books or videos? I have logic pro 9 and I already made some songs but I would like to start from scratch (as if I did not know anything).
How do I join IIM if I am not rich and an SC category student?
What do you do when you see an army colonel throwing stones at stray dogs and teaching his grandson the same thing?
Is the rising dollar and lower oil prices a big problem?
What are some cool names for my business team and software team in my company?
I have a vary bad first name and last name. how can I make is short?
Could you share photos of a healthy and good studying position?
What is net force in physics and how is its magnitude calculated?
How do the quantities money velocity, multiplier factor and M2:M1:M0 ratio relate to each other? Do they always rise or fall together?
Why do electrons move from depletion region to cathode in photodiodes and depletion region to base in the base-collector junction of phototransistors?
Why are some guys so hesitant on making the girl he is talking to not his girlfriend? If he is genuine and you are involved with the family and he refers to you as his girlfriend when people ask but he hasn't made it official, what should a girl do?
Can single people live happily without sex? It is hard and hopeless for me to find a person to satisfy my emotional and physical needs. Should I give up on life?
Why is it called Encryption Round Key in AES, and not just Encryption Key?  Why the emphasis on Round and is it only for particular modes of AES?
What are the most interesting products and innovations that Virtu Financial is coming out with in 2016?
What is the best budget hotels in Matheran for accommodation of me and my friends in this coming New Year eve?
I am a Software Engineer from SriLanka and working in Austria. How is Austria as a country to settle down?
What is the difference between story writing and screenplay writing for movies?
How would scrapping Rs 500 and 1000 notes affect the real estate sector?
Will the demonetization of 500 and 100 rupee notes affect restaurants?
I am looking for big data internships in India and abroad. Which are the companies offering internships?
Is it true that given enough time and understanding, any two people can fall in love with each other?
Is it better for a business to start as California LLC and convert to Delaware C-Corp for venture funding or just start as Delaware C Corp upfront?
Are the traffic signs with circle, triangle and rectangle shapes universally used with the same intent as in India?
How can I provide my listening and speaking skills in Spanish?
I have 25,000 INR with me. I want to invest somewhere and make twice that amount back in a couple of months. How can I do this?
How banning 500 and 1000 rupees note will curb the corruption and black money in India?
Why almost all the analog watches and clocks are made to display 10:10 in images or advertisements?
What is a brief speech on science and the future? What should I cover if I only have 1 minute to talk?
Why does YouTube Music app available only in the US, Australia and New Zealand, while Apple Music is available in more than 100 countries?
What is the difference between the terms levy, tax, duty and cess? Is this distinction used only to India? Kindly explain what is excise duty too?
Why do antiviruses keep on killing viruses? Why didn't virus programmers create a virus that scans for antiviruses and deletes them before being deleted while it can also duplicate itself millions of times?
What is the best strategy to prepare and master the Quant section in the CAT?
Do Bulge bracket banks hire people from the Federal Reserves and what are some of the transferable skills and positions from one to the other?
I am a 14 year old girl and I am 5'7 (170cm) . Am I tall?
If Belgium split in two, would Wallonia and Flanders become independent States or become part of France and the Netherlands respectively?
What are 10 everyday problems we all face and if they are solved, can make somebody a multi billionaire?
Which place in the world has the safest and cheapest female sex workers?
I passed 12th this year. I have to do the entrance exams in the colleges for communicative English and I happen to be a commerce student. What questions will be asked most probably?
Why is the leap year day included in February and not in any of the other months?
What is the best foods and places to try and visit when visiting Iran?
Do Quorans think about their upvotes and views from a question before answering that question?
How did Jason Lemkin come up with the idea for EcoSign and how did you kow that it would be a viable business?
Does The Beatles have more dense lyrics (both in terms of amount of words and puns and references etc) than more modern pop culture music does?
Who will win the 8th match between Iran and Thailand in the 2016 Kabaddi World Cup?
How can I exchange 500 and 1,000 Indian rupee notes in the USA?
Will it be fine if both husband and wife having same blood group?
Why does Pakistan have a better image and reputation than India in the world?
I am doing a diploma in mechanical engineering. Am I eligible for getting a lateral entry admission in Anna University, REC, IIT, BITS BILANI and other famous engineering colleges? What is the percentage required to join?
I am trying to host a website but when clicking httpd.conf, a command prompt appears and disappears. How do i get it to open in notepad instead?
Can we apply onion and garlic mix juice to regrow hairs?
My boyfriend put a tracking device on my phone. He can see all my messages and even where I have been but he won't let me go through his phone. What should I do?
What are some of the advantages and disadvantages of being left-handed?
I am a literature student and have no command over English what I do?
What is the difference between \u201chaving a British passport\u201d and \u201chaving a British citizenship\u201d?
How has ethnic Russian culture and language remained so homogenous over such a large area?
Is it ok to hunt and kill animals if you eat them?
What is the difference between the commando training and the officer training in the Royal Marines?
What is the reason behind banning of  rupee 500 and  rupee 1000 notes in India?
What are all the songs Nicki Minaj and Drake have done together?
I need you to provide replacements for swimming, tulips, fashion and butterflies in a masculine room it's too girly?
Who will win the 12th match between the Chennaiyin FC and the FC Goa in Hero Indian Super League 2016?
What is the role of peers, seeds and leaches in torrent download?
Could a Space Shuttle fly to and around the moon and back? Why not?
What was the pilot where Andy Samberg, Akiva Schaffer, and Jorma Taccone initially piloted The Lonely Island?
Is it possible to record audio to a DSLR and external recorder at the same time?
When Given two circles with centers O and P, tangent to each other at A and a line tangent to both circles at B and C. Prove angle BAC is 90 degrees?
Is there a way to get taller, and increase your height?
I can't stand Trump, but HRC's supporters are even more obnoxious than Trump is, and makes me want to vote Trump. Who should I vote for?
I'm never able to keep my room clean and tidy. What should I do?
How many Indians Take USMLE and what is its success rate?
As a Mexican American should I be worried about me and my family since Trump won?
How are the open tender notice/e-tender notice/notice inviting tender is implemented and executed which we daily observe in Newspapers?
How do I know the difference between attraction and love? What are some examples of this?
I have packages from the Philippines and tracking is not updated is olmost a month now.. What should I do?
My ex boyfriend block me on Instagram and his account is private?
How can I motivate myself in study?I'm a ug chemistry student and want to get in IIT through JAM.
What should I do if my girlfriend is ignoring me and staying out late with friends?
If you've cleared IIT JEE, have you been able to solve HC Verma on your own? If not, did you solve any, and which basic book before that? Did you refer to any online solution for HC Verma? Will it clear concepts if no basic book is done before it?
How can the weather of London in December be described, and how does it vary from that of Manchester?
What is unusual or different about the food and cuisine in S\u00e3o Tom\u00e9 and Pr\u00edncipe?
Is it actually that the entire brain intercepts changes to the EM field and so simultaneously intercepts any localized neural activities?
What is a good inpatient drug and alcohol rehab center near Taylor County IA?
What type or genre of music is this and how can I find more music similar to this one?
What are the advantages and disadvantages of in jan dhan yojana?
Does anyone on here, besides myself, feel embarrassed, humiliated, and or ashamed at the reaction of Americans to the 2016 presidential election?
If you black out, does your soul also black out or does it stay alert and in either case, how could you communicate with your soul? If not, how could you state you have one and prove it?
Are IGCSE and IB better boards than CBSE, ICSE and other Indian state boards in terms of educational methodology?
What is the climate of California's coastal regions, and how does it compare to the climate in South Carolina?
If a reaction has a solid product and two aqueous reactants, is the Ksp equal to 1/ [reactants]?
What's the difference between CMOS and TTL? How do you identify CMOS and TTL integrated circuits?
Why is air traffic control such a busy and chaotic job especially when the risks are so high?
What wire should be used for an electronic component that will move back and forth hundreds of thousands of times?
What is the difference between Privacy and Security with reference to a user's data on the Internet?
Is it possible for my scalp to be oily and my hair be dry? If yes, then how can I figure that out?
Do pretty women liked being look at and noticed by everyone?
Where does the water from the Great Lakes come from, and how does these lakes wildlife compare to Lake Geneva?
For variable speed drive, what is difference between vector control and vector torque control/vector speed control?
I am 24 years old, aspiring to be an actor and thinking of joining an acting school, how can I get the right path?
I got a speeding ticket in North Carolina, going over 21 mph(91 in 70 mph)11:30 AM, medium traffic. This is my 1st ticket and am gonna \u201cplea guilt\u201d so is it good idea to go to court by myself without a lawyer? What will be the consequence if I do?
Why are Libertarians considered anarchists for espousing a system of voluntary economic and social interaction combined with the strict upholding of laws against killing, injuring, threat, theft, and fraud to protect against harm to person and property?
How do I move on after a break up and How to get over his thoughts and concentrate on my career?
What is the best way to self-learn a language and be able to speak fluently?
Which network provider is best in 4g according to speed and rate Vodafone, airtel, idea or reliance jio?
How does an analog signal differ from a continuous signal and a digital signal from a discrete signal?
What is the cheapest, tastiest, and healthiest dish for a university student?
As an Indian teenager, is dreaming of Harvard, Stanford, and MIT instead of IIT worth it? Does it make sense?
What happens to the equilibrium price and quantity using demand and supply curves hot weather causes demand for ice cream to rise?
What do crown, half crown and Je peniwt mean in Christianity?
What are some good topics to do research and publish papers on electronic devices or basic electrical technology?
What is primitive promiscuity theory and what are its possible faults?
What does dialogue mean and what is the example for dialogue?
I want to pursue a master's in drug regulatory affairs from the USA. I have shortlisted 3 universities: Northeastern University, MCPHS and John Hopkins University. Which is the best university of the three for regulatory affairs?
If I fire a gun vertically up to the sky, could somebody get hit by the returning bullet and die? Or would the bullet be destroyed by the friction on its downward journey?
We are 5 people planning to go Kolkata and surrounding areas like Sundarban Gangasagar and other important places and we have 5 days?
Which is the better prototyping and graphing tool for research and engineering: MATLAB or OriginLab?
What is the difference between a eunuch and a transgender person?
When was MTN established in Nigeria and what is its history?
How do you estimate the size and concentration of DNA fragments?
If you have a hybrid car with no payments, 50,000 miles and you're looking to get a 4 wheel drive car for snow, would you go ahead and trade in the car now while it's worth more or wait and keep not having a car payment and then trade the car in later (higher mileage, less money)?
Who are some lesser known important historical figures of Seychelles and what should people know about them?
How easy is it to shoot Arab porn and to make money from it?
Where can I find funding for hiring scientists and researchers for far-fetched future AI ideas?
What should be the column size and beam depth for a span of 8 metres between two columns?
What are the differences and similarities between a sociopath and a psychopath?
How can I marry a Ghana woman and bring her to the USA?
What are the origins of black hats and attire worn by Orthodox Jews?
Is the media ignoring or biased against Bernie Sanders and his campaign? If so, why? Is there a conspiracy?
What is that thing called which is of many colors and is found in the American nut ice cream?
What is the reason of human evolution, and the relationship of multilingualism in the piece?
How good is the M.Tech program (Control and Automation) in VIT University?
Why can't the American government systematically fire current law enforcement and hire new police officers according to stricter hiring practices?
What is the difference between electronics engineering and electronics and telecommunication? Which one is better among them in terms of all aspects?
What does dragonfly larvae eat and how does it get its food?
What would be effect of 500 and 1000 Rs notes ban?
I've been sleeping more and yet, I still feel tired. Why is that?
I messed up my sleeping pattern and now I'm constantly tired. What do I do?
What are the best books about Pattern Recognition and Machine Learning for beginners?
Are you excited or downtrodden about the prospects and the future of the United States?
How can I calculate input and output resistances of a common N-P-N transistor?
How is the working life of IAS and what is his schedule?
Why don't they sell Renault and Peugeot cars in North America?
What do you do about recruiters that consistently miss your scheduled phone meetings and don't get back to you? Assuming you want the position they are advertising?
Why is it that \"ugly\" girls are so easy going and friendly while \"beautiful\" girls are rather \"reserved\"?
I have been on Adderall for 4 years and I am now 19yrs old and feel low on testosterone, could Adderall be the cause and is it permanent?
What is the Jazelle, DSP, thumb Von neumann model, and the Havard model DSP memory management tightly coupled memory in ARM families (7,9,10,11)?
What is the largest state in India in terms of area and what is its population? How does this compare to the largest state in America?
Do God the Father, the Son, and the Holy Spirit live in separate bodies?
Can I download Bollywood songs from YouTube and reupload them on my YouTube channel?
Why do you chant the Hare Krishna Mahamantra and specifically 16 rounds?
What is the difference between hemoglobin and myoglobin? How are they useful?
How can I measure the difference in public goods between urban and rural areas by quantitative methods?
Is there anything wrong with masturbating and watching porn? If so, is it forgivable?
What are the different sectors of the travel and tourism industry? What function do they serve?
I'm a fourth year student who will now be giving my GRE exam and mostly be going abroad for studies. I am in the IT field, and confused about which specialization to follow in MS. I am good at programming though I don't wanna go into that. Designing interests me more and I have done designing and documentation for quite a few programs recently. What is the best post graduate course that will cater these interests?
I was born in MP and done 10th board from MP. I am planning to do 11th and 12th examination from Maharashtra. Will I get state quota of MH in MBBS?
Why Wikipedia does not have any ads, and why don't they have paid content?
Where can I learn music production on evenings and weekends for affordable rates in South London?
I got an IBM offer in Bangalore as a project manager in band 7A. The total CTC shows 10.5 LPA, including fixed and FBP. How much should be my approximate take-home excluding taxes?
What is the difference between \" F**king-Unbelievable \" and \" Un-F**king-believable \"? Which one is best or we should use ?
What is the creamy layer and the non-creamy layer in the OBC category?
Do operators in India like Vodafone, Airtel, and Idea record all incoming and outgoing calls?
Can you suggest comprehensive framework to prevent exploitation and harassment for women in regions of conflict?
Where I can find past 15 years Temperature and ground water level data set of districts of Uttar Pradesh.?
Why there are only questions about IITs and nits in Quora? There is so much to question about?
What is the Difference between study and case study in terms of project?
I'm a fifteen year old and I enjoy killing animals, am I mentally ill?
What are the good materials for sweatshirts and hoodies when purchasing from eBay?
What was the horsepower and torque of the Saturn V rocket?
Do some Americans still believe that the war in Afghanistan and Iraq has to do with the war on terrorism and national security, even though those two reasons can be easily dismissed as nonsense?
Are there any cellphone applications for learning a language and talking to native speakers other than Hellotalk?
I have been out of the job market for more than a year. I am from an English medium background and I speak pretty good English in general, but now when I get calls from interviewers I fumble a lot, and when asked about my experience I am just blank. What should I do to improve my speaking and talking quality?
Can you earn at least Rs. 70 - 80 k per month with share trading and investing on a capital of Rs.5 lakh?
How does an author get more views and upvotes on Quora?
If the simple interest and the true discount on certain sum of money are  rupee  42 and  rupee  40 respectively, then find the sum?
Why when someone injects me and it doesn't burn, a lump is left after?
What are some of the more lesser known and unique locations throughout Asia to visit?
What are the most interesting products and innovations that Vitamin Shoppe is coming out with in 2016?
Which are the major highways in California and how are they compared to the major highways in Hawaii?
A friend has given me 2 Norinco 1911 45cal. pistols. I was thinking of selling one and buying a 9mm glock 19 or a smaller handgun for C&C. Good idea?
FC Barcelona: Can the trio of Suarez, Neymar and Messi click the same way that Benzema, Ronaldo and Bale did for Real Madrid this past season?
What is the melting point of polycarbonate and how polycarbonate used in that state?
A genie gives you 3 wishes. But he is a genius manipulator and informs you he will try his best to twist your wishes. What do you wish for and why?
How do I build a website where clients can filter and see each other's profile information?
What do big data & Analytics companies do and how profitable are they?
What are the best Russian movies and TV series of the 21st century?
I am currently preparing for NCHMCT 2017 and wanted to know what book should I refer to and personal tips to get into IHM Pusa or Mumbai?
How are the laws regarding self defense weapons enforced in Australia and how do they compare to the way they're enforced in Serbia?
Should police officers be required to purchase and maintain their own insurance similar to the malpractice insurance that doctors buy?
How was the Nazi party founded and developed to take power? Could it happen again?
Why did the Founding Fathers put checks and balances in the U.S. Constitution?
How can I open a movie theater and what is its estimated cost?
What is the difference between Nifty 50 (NSE or National Stock Exchange) and Sensex (BSE or Bombay Stock Exchange)?
A full psychic wants questions from people with a full bio of interests and a real profile of their own self information?
Is it best (for shops, bars and restaurants) to stay at a hotel in Downtown Austin near 6th and Guadalupe or near South 1st street?
Do you hate your ex and if yes then why ?
Where can we find high quality and comfortable sheet sets in varieties of colors?
What are the rationales behind raising taxes (like left-wing politicians in the US tend to do) and lowering taxes (right-wing)? Which works better?
How can I get someone's search and browsing history through mail?
In the movie, Lucy plays a video of a car running on a road. She makes the car run faster and faster until it completely disappears from the screen. Lucy says the car doesn't exist, that nothing exists in this universe, the only thing that matters is time. Is it true?
What is the difference between a girl's ass and a guy's ass to straight guys?
What is the difference projectile and relative motion using the vector components?
How new 2000rs note and 500rs can lessen corruption and bring out black money?
What if president doesnt signs the bill and passed in parliament in india, what are its implication?
What is a pumice stone and how are they made? What are they used for?
Looking for a Spanish film. It follows various people, and there is a scene with mature man going to his boyfriend who gives him oral pleasure?
Where can I learn variety of skills and techniques for horse riding in Melbourne?
Why can't a pilot pull back the yoke all the way and hold it there until the plane climbs up and gets to the outer limits of the Earth's atmosphere?
What is the difference between \"sent\" and \"delivered\" on Facebook Messenger?
What is meant by having a hedonistic personality and what are some examples of this beahviour?
What's it like to have attended an elite school and then be an utter failure afterward?
What is a consecutive calendar day and how is it related with the Tamil calendar?
What is the best way for a single woman to find a single, wealthy man that will marry her and take care of her financially (this also includes other parts of a relationship like love, trust and companionship)?
What are the most abundant natural resources in New York, and how do these resources compare to the ones in Colorado?
How do you make trailer music sound that big and fat like Audiomachine or Two Steps from Hell using samples libraries and plugins?
What is the historical background of Chinese workers on Australian gold mines, and how does gold production the compare to the production in China?
How can negative numbers be represented in binary 0's and 1's so that the computer can read accurately?
Did the Big Bang create time, and can that be proven?
Why does it pain a lot to some of the girls in first and second day of their periods? What are some effective ways to reduce that pain?
Can a full time employee be successful in investing on stock markets and other potential investments to generate passive income?
How do I score above 700 in GMAT? I have been preparing since two months and lately scored only 460 and I have been studying 6 hours everyday?
What was the significance of the battle of Somme, and how did this battle compare and contrast to the Battle of Uman?
Why do Pakistani Muslim Gujjars, Jats and Rajputs have the same culture and clans/gotras as Indian Hindus?
How is hashCode in Java implemented and when should I override it?
Is a graduate degree in audiology and speech pathology worth it? Why?
What are the chances of Sansa and Jon reuniting in WoW?
What are some of the reasons that some smart people might be underutilized at work and not advance very quickly, despite being ambitious with a good work ethic?
What does it mean when my husband reads face book articles and looks at pictures of online models all the time?
What is the difference between hetero and homo? Please explain this easily to me?
My J1 is terminated due to a disciplinary action and I need to leave the US immediately. Will I be able to apply for a new J1 in the future?
How do the safety records of a Boeing aircraft and the Airbus aircraft compare?
What are some local laws in regards to nudity in Vermont, and how do they differ from nudity laws in Maine?
Why are Eulers number and Pi close to zero and 1?
How do I prepare for IELTS exam and what are the books recommended for its preparation?
How do I make a JavaScript separate date and time in chrome app and not using PC\u2019s System date and time?
Has Egypt always been a Muslim country and if so, why didn't Cleopatra wear a burqa or hijab?
Are we living in the matrix? Which other lies influence our actions and emotions like the \"invention\" of the diamond?
For 5 straight elections (1992-2012) (20 years), both Pennsylvania and Michigan has voted for the Democrats. How come this election they became red?
What happens when you view a public Instagram story and then you block that person are you still going to appear on their viewers list?
What is the evolutionary significance of government and how has it changed modern society?
How do I use TOR browser and where to download it and how safe is it?
Why should I use Reactjs instead of Inferno? Their code is similar, and in speed comparison Inferno faster twice.
If you are travelling in a car at the speed of light and switch on the headlights, what would happen?
Who is the better politician and why: Narendra Modi, Rahul Gandhi or Arvind Kejriwal?
Should Serbia pay money to Croatia, Bosnia and Kosovo because of their actions in Yugoslavia?
If a YouTuber with lots of subscribers tells his subscribers to go and watch my videos, with a link in his description, can I get subscribers from there?
Why do the US and Israel go to great lengths to support regimes and 'rebels' with extremist interpretations of Islam?
Where can you find the engine number and chassis number of Renault Kwid?
Which books prefer for cat exam and useful for any exam like iift, xat and Nmat?
If there were an index to indicate the all around usefulness of Spanish, French, German and Italian, which would be the highest scoring language for an English speaker who would be choosing a second language to learn?
I just finished high school computer science course, and I want more. What are some good resources to keep going? And where can I learn enough?
I'm working as a contractual design engineer for a firearms company in Austria (registered and genuine). Would that affect my student visa process?
Can a person be both an atheist and an agnostic at the same time?
What are the major stereotypes people have about Hungary and to what extent are they true?
Who is the best tarot card reader and palm reader as per you?
5. Is it true that the demonetization of 500 and 1000 currencies in India stopped the latest violances in Kashmir?
What is meant by a \"third eye kiss\" and what does it imply?
I'm taking a foundation analytics course with Jigsaw, but I am doing poorly at it. I seem to forget what I have learnt earlier and I am terribly slow at it. How can I change this to not forget old lessons and proceed faster?
Do north Indian girls wear a lot of revealing clothes and change boyfriends often as shown in Bollywood movies?
What does this mean: \u201cLife is not a paragraph, and death is no parenthesis\"?
How it feel like being an electronic engineer and finally working in It company like accenture tcs etc?
Which pc program is the best for detecting and removing FINFISHER? (Windows 8)
What is differance between constant a.c. and variable a.c. in supply?
I live on rent . I have all the documents of last address . But my Current address is different and its been more than an year . Will I get passport?
What are the similarities and differences between a submarine canyon and a deep-ocean trench?
What is the easiest way to learn and understand cloud computing?
What are some examples of biotic and abiotic factors found in the environment?
If the earth was at one half of its present distance from the sun and had the same orbital speed, would the number of days in one year be approximately. a. 730 b. 182 c. 365 d. 129?
Why are red, blue and white colors so popular in flags?
How should I prepare for the LSAT? In my country, there is no coaching classes for the LSAT, and there is no study material in the market. What should be my strategy and attitude towards it?
Occasionally I feel a sharp pain near where I think my heart is and when I inhale it's painful, but goes away after a few seconds. Is this a bad sign?
Which one is more formal in an e-mail, using a person's title (\"Mr.\" or \"Ms.\") and last name only, or using the title with both first and last name? When should I use either one?
What is the definition of a universal blood donor and what is a universal blood recipient?
What it feels like to be very old and thinking that you'll die with in few years?
Why so many American girls and Latinas looks like Barbie and Kylie Jenner?
What are the best B and C grade movies for Drum Charadas?
Why is Taiwan occupying Taiping Island and Zhongzhou Reef in the South China Sea not controversial?
In the anime Fairy Tail, do Juvia and Gray end up getting together?
Ashlee Vance: What is the difference between me (or any of us) and Elon Musk, that allows him to take risks, make decisions and work tirelessly?
What are some of the more lesser known and unique locations throughout Germany to visit?
I am currently working in IT with 30 lakhs per annum. I want to go to the next level in business management and I either have the same salary or a little more. What are my chances and path(s) to take?
Why is China so good at producing high quality and value for money products for the world based on various countries purchasing capability?
Is it conceivable to genetically promote an increase of the size of our skull and brain and expect that by doing so we would get smarter?
What is the best way and most efficient way to learn a language?
Why is India a super country in both poverty and illiteracy respectively in the world?
How do I install KVM and create virtual machines on Ubuntu?
What is the difference between an AWS solutions architect and developer in terms of job scope?
Why would someone marry one partner and not the others in polyamory?
In Eurofours pastry deck oven, what is the top and bottom temperature settings for meringue, macaron, cr\u00e8me br\u00fbl\u00e9e, cakes and cookies, and choux pastry?
Are there any regulations on working for Uber and a competitor? Is it okay to work for Uber and Lyft or a competitor at the same time?
What is a good age to settle down and get married for men?
Why are smart people not so rich and rich people not so smart?
Why doesn't women sports have as much viewership and public interest as men's sports do? What can be done to change this?
What rank can I get with 185 in JEE Mains and 90.4 percent in Cbse boards 2016?
Do you think I will ever get a girlfriend or attract any women? Im a 20 year old virgin and I might end up single for life because I been call ugly?
What is a good inpatient drug and alcohol rehab center near Union County GA?
When should incest between consenting adults be allowed and when should it not be allowed?
Do girls prefer sensitive and soft-spoken guys over loud and extroverted ones?
Suppose you are on a date with your girlfriend and she gets drunk. It starts raining and both of yours clothes gets wet.How to handle the situation?
What is a good \"personal\" database for Mac that lets you add tags and other discoverability features to all your files and folders?
What are some Sober and light combination outfit to wear in an interview and also what perfume should I wear?
What is it like to live and work in Seoul as a foreigner?
I have purchased a Sony TV in Oct, 2016 with 2 years warrantee. and service men from Sony came and informed that warranty is not valid.?
Everybody says while learning HTML and CSS don't use frameworks to build sites, use plain HTML 5 and CSS 3. What are the resources for learning that?
What is the approximate percentage of two and four wheeler vehicle gets repair everyday in India?
What are the best documentaries about famous scientists and their inventions? How did they invent them?
Are women allowed to rent and drive a car in the U.A.E.?
What are the approximate travel times (and costs) between MIT and every other major research university in the Northeast?
What is the difference between Delhi, New Delhi, and Delhi-NCR? Why are they all described as the capital of India?
How come I sleep 9 hours a night and still feel tired?
Can we preserve onion juice in the refrigerator and apply daily to hair for hair growth?
Why do people start wearing a mask and do not show who they really are (personality wise)?
What kind of economy does Switzerland have, and how is Belgium's different?
Why do people from Europe and Americas think that Indians preach Islam?
Is there any app which can store internet from WiFi and we can use it after when we are offline?
How is the process of the issuance of a bill of lading and who is responsible for this process?
Why is G20 a success to China and many, but a failure to Indiape only?
Can I charge my battery with an AC supply and solar panels as well?
How did ancient people find metal to mine and make tools/weapons etc with?
How is the University of Petroleum and Energy Studies at Dehradun College?
Has the world been devoid of unrest, famine and war for any reasonable length of time in the recorded history?
What legal problems can I face if I answer a question on Quora with some content that is present on another site and is copyrighted by the owner of that site? What should I do to avoid such problems?
Slaughtering the neck of an animal from below, as done by Muslims to justify that it hurts the least and meat in its purest is gotten, is this justified by science..What about slaughtering from spinal chord as practiced elsewhere? Just out of curiosity I am otherwise against any sort of slaughtering.
How can I get unlimited lives and coins for my Cookie Jam account?
What are the most empirically neutral and unbiased news sources in the US?
How can we draw 3 fishes with one dot and 3 straight lines .Each line is bendable only once?
Where are you from, and how many languages can you speak?
While applying for a Tier 2 UK visa with my dependants, can we apply together and specify that we will travel months apart?
What is the academic pressure and workload at the University of Richmond like?
Is there really a dengue/chikangunya crisis in Delhi right now? Are the LG and PM truly answerable instead of the State Govt?
If Russian Jet would be downed over No fly Zone in Syria, where and how Russia would retaliate as the first line of response?
Did the moon landing actually happen, but the images and footage were faked to hide aliens?
What did Germany do between 1933 (Hitler comes to power and takes over a broken society with severe international limitations imposed on military growth) and 1939 (a country powerful enough to almost defeat all major European powers)?
What is the deepest lake in Europe, and how does this lake's flora and fauna compare to that of Lake Sevan?
Hypothetical Scenario: The United States of Europe are formed, what will world economy and US/China\u2019s political position probably look like?
I have a Honda Civic 7th Gen - 2005, recently I replaced my gasket and since then its fuel average had decreased rapidly. Whats wrong?
What are the most interesting products and innovations that Chemical Financial is coming out with in 2016?
How can only tools, books, and links will help us to make more profit?
I really like this guy. He found out I like him and now he completely ignores me and won't talk to me. But he still looks at me all the time. What does this mean?
I watch Real Time with Bill Maher on YouTube and I like his show. What does an American think about his show?
How does one start a new blog on Quora and invite authors/followers?
Why are mountain gorillas hunted and killed by poachers? Are they endangered?
What were the major contributions of the political leaders during WW1, and how are the compared to the ones during the Balkan War?
Which books are required for geography and economics for competitive exams? Can I get those books in online sites?
What are the differences between plant cells and animal cells? What are their similarities?
How many numbers between 100 and 500 are divisible by 5 or 7?
What exam must one clear and with what cutoff to get into IIIT Hyderabad?
Would life had been that much of interesting if we had known who is God and how he created us and we would get some power as a gift to misuse and then complain God that we are bored and make another universe for us. Is God avoiding us because he knows what he created is a never satisfied child on continuous temper tantrum?
Is there any difference between heroin, cocaine, ganja and other drugs? If so, what are they?
What are the pros and cons in the various sectors of the Indian economy by banning Indian Rupees of 500 and 1000 notes? What lead to this short notice by PM Narendra Modi?
How do you break your shame and present a good seminar in front of teachers and students?
What are some hobbies that require creative problem solving, connecting disparate ideas, and creating new solutions to intellectually challenging problems?
Will full immersion VR, once it is available and common, be used instead of physical classrooms?
I recite India's pledge right from my childhood, and now my parents have started looking for a bride for me, how can I marry an Indian?
In what year did you get your first smartphone, and what made you choose this particular brand?
What is racism, prejudice and discrimination? Why are they so hard to overcome?
Which blind spots does the Christianity have or propagate, project, propel and propaganda for/towards the other religions?
What are the differences between EJB (Enterprise JavaBeans) and the Spring Framework in Java? Which one is better? Why?
I'm taking a gap year and some AP classes during but the college admissions start in November and ap exams take place in may, can still use the AP?
Do you lose US citizenship if your birth certificate and social security card burn in a house fire?
Is there a way to tell if my concious identify had entered my biological body, with its memories, personality traits and thought processes, a mere instant ago, as opposed to having been here the whole life?
If I want to meet few people and talk without knowing of my husband, will that be wrong?
My daughter moved 2 hours away to college and I cried leaving the dorm and she did too. I'm still crying today and I miss her. How did you deal with a child going to college?
I'm 22 and have a steady job, but I'm not happy. I'd like to drop everything and start a music college, but I lack courage. What should I do?
Where can I get very reasonable and competitive price in Australia for book printing?
What type of sites or chat rooms use a 5 digit code and a personal pin number for access?
Earth Science: How do the relative albedos of sand, silt, and clay all compare with each other?
What is the difference between the Intel core i5 and the Intel core M (in the new MacBook)? Which is better?
What would happen if Hillary Clinton and Donald Trump both suddenly dropped out right now?
What is the difference between C-Post Traumatic Stress Disorder and Borderline Personality Disorder?
What's your opinion on if my husband and I sleep in separate bedrooms?
Do horoscope predictions and palm reading come out to be true?
Elton John, George Michael, Erasure, Bronski Beat, The Scissor Sisters, and Freddie Mercury? Why so many gay British singers and so few American?
How popular is audio messaging (press and hold the microphone to record) in apps like WhatsApp, Viber, and WeChat? And why would people use audio messaging instead of a typed message?
What is a good inpatient drug and alcohol rehab center near Monroe County MI?
What are the requirements to be considered for the United States Air Force and how do these requirements compare to Pakistan's?
Who would win if the Flash and Hulk had a fight?
On Quora, have you ever had a down voted answer saved and returned to the discussion?
Can someone get admission in govt. college on the basis of relation to a minister and not having been in the merit list in the exam?
What are the best books available for future and options trading in the Indian market?
Where is the Nile river located and what is the importance of the Nile river?
How do I release stress from my mind immediately and how do I escape from my short temperament and frustration?
How can I prepare for GATE in Metallurgical and Materials Engineering?
Do you like Charlie Chaplin and his various films and movies?
What is the easiest and simplest proof of the chain rule?
A person living with us just called me names and said everyone wants me dead. What can I do?
Over 4,000 people from my country (Nepal) have died because of an earthquake. I don't feel sad and therefore I don't want to donate. What's wrong with my emotions?
Are the Social Worker asking for the donations in the streets of kolkata genuine and how can I confirm the authenticity of any NGO?
What are the strongest majors in terms of job prospects and what are the weakest majors at Colby College?
What is community assembly and why is it important in ecology?
Which is a suitable inpatient drug and alcohol rehab center near Scott County IA?
I work hard and always study for test/quizzes. However, I get very bad grades like F's and U's. I try hard in every class, but my grade is just not good enough. What should I pray and to which god?
How do I stop being depressed and sad all the time?
How can I use Omegle on my iPod Touch and how is it compared to using Chatshock?
Where is the Baraka River located, and how does it compare to the Parana River?
How can I achieve Fame and recognition in my life rather than money and stardom? I am an Engineering Graduate and currently working in an MNC.
What is a consecutive calendar day and how is it related with the French Republican Calendar?
Who are some lesser known important historical figures of South Korea and what should people know about them?
For preparation of topics s, p, d, and f-block in JEE Mains, which books should I study from?
Why are so many sniper rifles bolt action rifles and not semi or fully automatic? What are the pros and cons?
I am a computer engineering student and it is my second year at university. I am taking a digital design course and am interested in what I am learning. I want to learn more. How should I start?
Which is the most vulgar song ever you've heard apart from \u201cAnaconda\u201d by Nicki Miniaj and \u201cBooty\u201dby Jennifer Lopez featuring Iggy Azalea?
What do billionaires think about all this protesting and police shooting going on in America? Are they sad and getting angry?
Do you think Selena Gomez and Justin Bieber should be together?
How will be future (possible) referendums in Scotland and Northern Ireland on UK membership after Brexit?
If a Bollywood movie were made on the life and career of Ravishankar Jayadritha Shastri, what would be its opening scene?
Is sky diving available in India and how much does it cost?
Mamta Banerjee saw Modi as CM, and now PM, is it this reason she is jealous and frustrated?
Am I doing right or wrong? (read detail)? Buying CBR and Iphone is wrong for middle class boy?
What are the similarities and differences between natural and synthetic fibers?
What is the best sequence to study math and physics for class 11th? What chapters should I start with?
How do I learn to install Windows 10 and Linux to learn programming?
In Spanish how do you say \"What time did you start work today?\" and then answer \"That's a long day!\"?
Is there a customer center number for Snapdeal? Having a terrible experience with Snapdeal and can't even find a way to get in touch with them\u2026
Dear Lee (or should it be Heather), I want to thank you for following me on Quora and want to wish you the best in your future. Cheers :) :)?
How was Gandalf imprisoned at the end of The Hobbit: The Desolution of Smaug and the beginning of The Hobbit: The Battle of the Five Armies?
What is facilitated diffusion? How and why does facilitated diffusion occur?
Which are the business and job opportunities for Indian in Spain?
How do France's economic activities compare and contrast to those of Nicaragua?
What are the advantages and disadvantages of Dropbox, Google Drive and Onedrive on the desktop ? Which one is better ?
What is the climate of California's coastal regions, and how does it compare to the climate in Florida?
The 3 Week Diet plan was so refreshing and so simple to follow.
Can an investment advisor/manager for a hedge fund be based in Hong Kong and find prospective investors in the US while living in the US?
What caused the fight between Sakura and Sasori in Naruto Shippuden?
What is the difference between drawing power and an outstanding amount of a bank loan?
What do Quorans think of Dinesh D'Souza and his opinions of President Obama?
What are the amazing things and facts about the human body?
Which programming language to start with for a beginner and what are steps necessary to learn it?
Which one will die first when taken out of water and why? A fresh water fish or ocean water fish?
I am in my early 20's, done with my bachelor's and want to do have a passionate and thrilling career. What can I do to know the things that excite me and hence lead an awesome life?
When I try to blink in HTML document it don't work and the abbr tag it also don't work so what can I do now?
I'm 12 and I already got my wisdom teeth, I know because I got a full OPG done and went to a dentist. Is this uncommon and what does it mean?
What is the difference in kmno4 oxidation in acidic and basic medium in organic chemistry? Which medium must be used where?
How exactly is curve fitting and hypothesis testing used in Machine Learning?
Which is a suitable inpatient drug and alcohol rehab center in Harrison County IA?
What were the major effects of the cambodia earthquake, and how do these effects compare to the Lisbon earthquake in 1755?
I am 14 year old girl 5'6. My mom is 5'4 and my dad is 5'11. How tall am I going to be?
I made a prank threat on Omegle and someone said they got my IP and is calling the police. What do I do?
Why isn't Putin declared a war criminal by the Hague tribunal and Russia the aggressor country of the war waged against Ukraine?
If I am on a train (hypothetically) moving at the speed of light (c) and I start running at a speed of 5 km/hr in the same direction as the train, am I now moving at a speed of c + 5 km/hr?
Where can I get quality paint and decoration service at an affordable price in Brisbane?
I'm studying Civil engineering my 1st year and I found my self not realy passoinate about it , what should I do?
What's your New Year resolutions for 2017 and what will you do to accomplish your goal?
My all files are infected with CERBER3,and I format my c drive and don't have the previous version, what should I do to get it back? Please help?
What is the oldest tennis tournament, and how does it compare to the Trofeo Bonfiglio?
What is the importance of education to the United States and how are their views of education different from Canada's?
What can be done with my old 500 and 1000 rupee notes now?
Is it wise to double major in mechanical engineering and physics considering my interests?
What would happen if most people stopped caring about unwritten social rules and scaled it back to avoiding initiation of force and fraud?
What is Think & Learn Pvt. Ltd. and What is BYJU'S-The Learning App? How are they different?
Is String Theory untestable and will it always be? How could we practically test it?
Do dances like twerking, yiking, and daggering make women look like booty bearing objects?
Two trained 6ft fighters . One 170 pounds and the other 200 pounds . Will the heavier fighter come out on top? Why?
When did nationalism appear and how much does it affect the world now?
Is there a reason why Bucharest and Budapest sound really similar?
What were the two famous open problems that George Dantzig mistook for homework and solved while being a graduate student at Berkeley?
How many of you are aware of atrocities done by Azeris and Turks in 1918 in Eastern Azerbaijan?
Is  dollar 85k p.a. (before tax cut) enough to live and save in San Jose, CA for a couple with a baby?
What are the similarities and differences between iPhones and Android phones?
I have feelings for my best guy friend and I don't know if he feels the same way about me. Occasionally we'll flirt with each other and sometimes he gives me mixed signals as if he likes me when he says he doesn't. Is he being honest when he denies the fact that he has feelings?
I'm destroying my life due to laziness, fear and lack of concentration.how to overcome these problem?
If I hold one end of an extremely long (possibly infinitely long) and lightweight pole and start spinning, is it possible for the other end of the pole to exceed the speed of light? If not, what would stop it?
How do I prepare for the JEE-Mains and the JEE-Advanced if I drop a year?
Does the meanness that borderline personality disorder causes people to exhibit tend to outweigh the compassion and love that it causes them to exhibit, when the overall impact of the disorder is taken into account?
What is your best advice for being more visible on LinkedIn and elevating your personal brand there for 2017?
How can I unzip torrent files and why should I do it?
What is the different between government job and private jobs in India? Why people preferred govt. Jobs more?
My very good friend started distancing from me as soon as her marriage got fixed. She said that \"I really want to talk to you but I can't\" and few days later her fiance calls me not to bother her again. Why would she value our friendship so low?
Is it possible that our xyz are 2nd, 3rd & 4th dimensions, and the 1st (smallest) one isn't well understood?
What are natural ways to decrease elevated testostreone and androgen levels in female pcod patients?
How is the chemical formula for titin determined, and how does it compare to that of hemoglobin?
What's the solution for feeling mistreated and bullied because of introverted nature, lack of social support or standing?
Why can't India buy cheap oil from ISIS (Islamic State), when the EU and Turkey are buying the oil in range of 25-40  dollar  per barrel?
Why do I feel so scared and nervous in a relationship?
Should Advanced Placement (AP) classes be used by selective colleges and universities as a significant factor in admission decisions?
What does it mean when the man you expressing interest and love to says you are smothering?
What's the most pathetic and unwanted character in Dilwale and why?
What is the origin of the term \"startup\", and when did this word start to appear?
What does the USPS do with letters having the same recipient and return addresses when there is insufficient postage?
How do you compare the performances of Dev and Ram Charan Teja in Yoddha, the Warrior and its original Magadheera respectively? Who was better?
How NRI can exchange the old 500 and 1000 notes after 30th December 2016 ?
What is the best adaptation of Pride and Prejudice on TV/Film?
Does acrylic paint work on ceramic and does not wash off?
Should I take my ex back after she broke things off, and saw another guy for two weeks?
What are nerve cells and what are the functions of nerve cells?
What is the best budget hotels in Ahmedabad for accommodation of me and my friends in this coming New Year eve?
In microprocessors, what does 32, 45 and 22 nanometer technology mean and how does it relate to efficiency of a chip?
What causes American votes to tend to go back and forth in voting Republicans and Democrats?
Why would a girl would agree to a date with me and then casually mention that she has a boyfriend?
I had opted for BCOM A & F after 12th commerce and I am not able to clear CA IPCC in 4 attempts..what should I do? Please guide!
How should I schedule Mindfulness, gym ming and other exercise in a week for weight loss?
What is the difference between AAC and AC3 in quality? How can it be determined?
What should I do if I am a 22 year old man and I have recently become impotent, and feel very awkward when I interact with women?
What are some good board percentages (Maharashtra) and JEE Mains marks combinations to score a good rank in JEE Mains 2015?
Can people make more money by trading the same stock at high frequency (buying low and selling high) repeatedly, as compared to holding the stock for many years and then selling it 10 years later (when it's higher, but higher at a non-monotonic rate)
What were the major contributions of the political leaders during WW1, and how are the compared to the ones during the French Revolution?
My girlfriend says she no longer has feelings for me and she doesn't want to lead me on. What should I do?
Is it possible that Jaime Lannister is Azor Ahai and in order to temper his sword he will kill Cersei thus fulfilling Maggy's prophecy?
Is it compulsory to write both the NATA and the JEE Main paper 2 to get an admission in IIT?
I had just bought a Samsung Galaxy J7. I tried connecting it to my home WiFi and it gets connected and disconnected frequently. It works smoothly on other WiFi networks and my home WiFi works well on the devices of other members of my family. What should I do?
How can I get straight across thick eyebrows? I am a guy (I'm straight) and I have slightly wavy eyebrows. How can I get them straight?
I have an Android smartphone. What's the different and its purpose between \"Android\" folder in my internal storage and in my SD card?
What are some mind blowing gadgets and tools That most people dont know?
Let's say I got stranded on a deserted island and only have 1L of water. How long could I survive and how should I manage my supplies?
I am a graduate student in aerospace engineering with concentration in Dynamics & Control, and would like to work in robotics/AI. What new skills would I have to develop, and which skills can I translate directly?
Is it necessary to have computer science as a subject in classes 11 and 12 to do a B.Tech in the IITs or NITs?
Why do some people struggle so hard in life and still don't get rewarded? Why is life for some people so unfair?
What is the difference between BSc physical science and BSc life science? What are their future scopes?
What movie can you watch all the time and never get tired of watching?
I am in 12th class, I have little life achievements and not great high school grades. Is it still possible for me to get admission in MIT?
I want to be an astrophysicist. I am a twelfth grader and don't enjoy textbooks. What should I do?
What is the difference between living things and non-living things in the depth of atoms and molecules?
What are the most interesting products and innovations that Stage Stores is coming out with in 2016?
What was it like to live in Bihar under the regime (1990-2005) of Lalu Prasad and Rabri Devi? How much progress did Bihar made during the period?
What is the structure of the stomach and what is its function?
Is water with TDS around 9 and ph at 7.5 fit for drinking?
Why so many negative reviews for Jugnoo? It's a startup with young minds and soul. Isn't it ? Still employees not liking it in there.
Is Hillary Clinton ineligible to be POTUS because her spouse has already served 2 terms and Hillary is legally the same person as Bill Clinton?
Which one, cigarettes or bidi, is considerably better for your lungs and still gives you an equivalent high?
Why is the U.S working so hard to divert all East Asia and ASEAN from economical development to internal conflicst?
Interviewing: What are the best interview questions that are tricky and require presence of mind to answer them?
Are there any materials that are at the same time fluorescent and phosphorescent depending on the wavelength of light used to excite their electrons?
I am not good at Maths, but want to pursue Electrical and Biomedical Engineering in college. Shall I stick to an easy major or give this a try?
How do you start your own FM radio station, and how much would it cost in kerala?
What are the most illuminating, evocative or meaningful accounts by and interviews of people who have lost their parents?
What can I do after pulling out 500 and 1000 currency notes?
What are some things to do to support my 13-year-old daughter who announced she\u2019s gay and show her that I have her back, no matter what?
How can I tell if a guy is gay and is interested in me?
Which one is better in terms of performance, reliability and cost: MongoDB or Apache Cassandra?
Porn addiction: I want to quit watching porn and masturbate. How do I stop it and not feeling empty?
What different tactics can be used to make sure that every businessman in India (small and large scale business) also pays his part of tax?
What is the best thing to do after doing b.tech with electronics and communication from a private college?
What mathematical symbol can be put between 5 and 6 to get a number bigger than 5 and smaller than 6?
I have an older sister who always looks down at me and criticizes whatever I do. I feel inferior and annoyed when my relatives ignore me and admire her. How can I overcome the complex that has haunted me?
I scored 70 percent in class 10, 73 percent in 12th and 85 percentile in MAT exam. What are my chances of getting into xime bangalore?
How we get BC (Before Christ) and AD (Anno Domino).How many years are there in BC time?
What are the principles of Hot and Cold air intakes, which one is better in terms of performance and installation? Which will improve mileage better?
When you enter the US via LAX they take a fingerprint scan and digital photo. Do they keep this information on a database indefinitely?
What would happen if we suddenly stopped all wind on Earth and used energy to electrolyse water?
What are the pros and cons of getting all teeth pulled?
Why do dictatorships that are tax havens (such as the ones that used to exist in North Africa and the Middle East) fall to civil wars and revolutions, but the ones that are democracies (like Switzerland and Ireland) seem to continue on just fine? Is it connected to how they approach their existence as a tax haven, or is there no connection there at all?
I want to buy an eReader and I am unable to decide between Kobo Aura HD and Amazon Kindle Paperwhite. Which one is better?
Mathematics Student: How does one study Roots and Equations in Mathematics in very easy manner?
Why does resisters are connected in series increase the resistance and why decrease the resistance if it is in parallel?
Why did USPS ship my order to a facility in my area, but then ship it out of state and out of my area again? The address I provided was correct.
Is there a difference between \"log out\" and \"log off\"? Which one is considered proper?
Why didn't Tauriel accept Legolas and fall in love with Kili?
Am I missing out by shunning social media and keeping my life as private as possible, especially when I have no real reason to?
Where is the Baraka River located, and how does it compare to the White Nile?
How is the book \"Head First HTML and CSS\" for beginners?
What is the difference between Tatkal and Premium Tatkal tickets on Indian Railways?
What's the possibility of a person having green eyes if the parent's eyes are brown and blue? (Mother has a recessive gene for green)
What is the difference between a convection and conventional oven? What are the similarities?
What is the best documentation of HTML, CSS and JavaScript available online?  and why?
What are the overall differences between React.js, Node.js and Angular.js and when would you use one above the other?
What are the pros and cons of Linux Mint vs Ubuntu?
Is it true in Islam life, death, and marraige written in Takdir/luck, and everything else is not written?
Why am I so afraid of dying and never seeing my family again?
What are the major problems our society is facing and technology can help to solve them?
My sister was bitten by my pet dog 8 months ago and the dog is still normal healthy and alive. Is vaccination required by my sister?
How is knowledge management as a career? What are the pros and cons of choosing KM as a career? Is it a viable career path and does it pay well?
What is the difference between T1 and T2 imaging in MRI?
I wish to take up a major in philosophy, history or English. I am currently in my final year of high school. I only had maths up until 10th grade and for the past two years, I haven't studied it. If the subjects I take in university have nothing to do with maths, will I still need to take the SAT?
Multicolour Gems: What is ultralite and how does it compare to amethyst?
As an Airbnb host, I want to maximize my profits and I am flexible inventory-wise. What should I do?
How does one graduate from an Indian engineering college in ECE and avoid working in a programming job?
My friend Alok has a problem with the gaps between his teeth and wants to reduce all of them to be like other people. Is that possible?
I am 5.8\" I am planning to buy my first bike and I want to go with rc 200 or Duke 200 my weight is 57 can i ride comfortably?
Apart from Tony, who are your most favorite and least favorite characters on \"The Sopranos.\" (It's a difficult question, I know.)?
Why doesn't India let Pakistan take half of J&K and let the people go into Pakistan?
Is there a statute of limitations for failing to pay taxes and misadministering an estate as the executor?
Do you think after 25 age you become less passionate and interest in settling in life?
What is it called when one doesn't share its external source and focus on what's provided by others in the same room?
Which course should I do after completing my Electronics and Communication engineering to get a good job?
What are the laws and regulations regarding bail bonds in Alabama and how does it differ from Connecticut?
What if every time a make a girl laugh she laughs and crinkles her nose a bit but whenever people make a joke she never crinkles her nose at them?
If I want to paint my room a light gray and have a metallic gold and white chevron accent wall behind my bed what colors should the bedding and curtains be or how can I incorporate blue and coral and what other decor can I put in my room?
How can you approach a strange girl in India and eventually ask her out?
What are real life examples of data structure, and what is a detailed explanation of the example?
What are the average temperatures of swamp, and how does the Atchafalaya Swamp compare to the Okavango Swamp?
How can I transfer all my Google drive and Gmail data to a different account?
As part of my studies, I am supposed to develop a couple apps and write a report. Can anyone help with some app ideas?
What does German sign language look like, and how does it differ from Portuguese sign language?
How is University of Petroleum and Energy Studies, Dehradun for BBA?
How can I make a demand draft when I am in another state and I have bank account in the other state?
During musical concerts (orchestra), we always see a person (musician) standing in the front (with his back to the crowd) waving a wand/stick in one hand and seemingly guiding the musicians. Does he actually have any role or is just like a leader for representation purposes?
Why does my vagina become dry and his penis become soft during sex?
I feel some boys good looking and handsome despite being a boy. whatdoes it mean?
My ex hesitates when I ask him if he wants to be with me again. I messaged him a lot and had emotional issues. Is the break up my fault?
What is the most foolish and illogical thing you have done in your life?
I am analyzing the UV-Vis absorption spectrum of P3HT in a chloroform solution and I keep getting a peak around 250 nm which is not normal for P3HT which usually shows only one peak at around 450 nm. Where does this peak come from?
Are employers obligated to pay for account services and fees when they issue a corrected W-2 (W-2c form)?
How can someone who set a goal to give up a bad habit stay on track and not believe that he/she can't achieve the goal, if for many years that person experienced a few successes, but mostly failures?
Who would win if there happened to be a fight between tiger and raptor (dinosaur) in a mystical land?
What is the best food in Pune and where do I get it?
What are the advantages and disadvantages of 500 and 1000 rupees ban in India?
Why do I see numbers and not contacts' names? In WhatsApp?
Is it a punishable offense in Canada and the USA to download movies/music via torrents?
My teenage daughter stays with an abusive boyfriend because she doesn't want to be alone. She is pretty, smart and has a head on her shoulders. Why does she feel the need to stay with him until she finds another to just switch to?
Which is a good inpatient drug and alcohol rehab center in Columbia County FL?
Has Robert Frost read The Secret? The book speaks of quantum physics and the law of attraction by asking the universe.Does he believe in the concept.
What is a suitable inpatient drug and alcohol rehab center in Iroquois County IL?
Which is a good inpatient drug and alcohol rehab center in Pope County IL?
Is the Unmanned Vehicle University a legitimate school? Is it accredited and equivalent to other widely known universities?
What is the difference between a generator and an engine (either petrol or diesel)?
What difference does i3 and i5 processor makes to a programmer?
What is the origin of the terms \"Bullish\" and \"Bearish\" in stock market?
I've installed Apache XAMPP server on a CentOS7 on a virtual machine. The 127.0.0.1 and the localhost are working within the VM, but not outside of it. How do I configure Apache/XAMPP/CentOS/VM to run a WWW server outside the VM?
I am getting a lot of pimples on my face. Because of this there are scars and dark black spots on my face. Can it be cured by some home remedy?
I missed a methamphetamine shot in my hand and its really red and swollen, what do I do?
After the defeat of Nazi Germany, there were massive rapes in Berlin and Germany. Did German troops (Gestapo and the SS) also rape women in concentration camps?
What is the ETH Zurich's acceptance rate for graduate programs and are there any other master's scholarship programs?
How is magazine paper made, and what is it used for?
Why is pewter so expensive, and how does its properties compare to those of ceramic?
What are the differences between a MP3 file and FLAC file? Can they be converted?
I like a girl a lot and she's my neighbor, but she's not interested in me. When I see her, still, my heart pounds, and I feel like talking to her or texting her. She wants me as a friend but I can't see her as just my friend, and I get hurt a lot by what she says sometimes. How do I move on?
If the Earth was a cube, how and why would the gravity be different?
How many computers does Linus Torvalds have and what distro is he using?
If some companies drug test employees for menial jobs, why isn't the US Congress and Senate being drug tested randomly with the results publicized?
How did Groupon get going and who were the competitors at that day and time?
Which are the top 10 betting football tipsters and where can you find them?
What is the difference between the Bag-of-Words model, and the Continuous Bag-of-Words model?
I found out that other guys are flirting with my girlfriend, and she is allowing them to continue to do the same, even though I know she loves me a lot. What should I do?
What are the recent changes in the patterns of imports and exports of different products?
Why are German luxury car brands such as Mercedes and BMW so unreliable after 3 -4 years according to Consumer Reports vs 5 star rated Japanese cars?
How does Princeton compare to Harvard and Yale for an undergraduate studying economics?
I've made it to the second stage of the App Academy process, and just can't wrap my head around the coding challenge II problems. Should I even bother with the interview?
Why did some of my sent Instagram direct messages disappear? They were on Instagram for days and suddenly disappeared although I didn't delete them.
How much does it cost to open a tech business in Brazil, and how long does it usually take?
What is the best Indian railway app available in the iOS and Android app stores? Which gives reliable data?
Can the internal resistance of cell be calculated by not changing the shunt and changing the position of rheostat in potentiometer?
Zoology: Are lions the only big cats that hunt in prides and why are other big cats solitary?
How did the rise of Arab power preserve and extend late antique Byzantine and Persian cultural traditions from Rome to India?
What are the career options of a Metallurgical and Material engineer in core after B.tech?
What are the differences between risk assessment and environmental impact assessment?
What are some characteristics and personality traits of charming and intelligent people?
What are your views on the federal open market committiee and what is its next course of action?
What are the most interesting products and innovations that Store Capital is coming out with in 2016?
Why do jerks and dumb people breed more than nice and intelligent individuals?
How do I apply the artificial bee colony algorithm for features optimization and features fusion in image classification?
Which country has highest number of oil and gas industries? Name some which are in the top.
What is a simple but complex theory to explain the entire universe and everything in it (Ultimate Theory)?
How do you get rid of the voice in your head when you read, and does it not hinder your efficiency in understanding?
What are the steps to make Android app in XML and Java in Xamarin Studio (or can we use C# only)?
I'm helping a boy in my school that is overweight and is being bullied. I think he started getting feelings for me, what should I say?
What will happen if each and every person living on earth turns vegetarian?
What are the strongest majors in terms of job prospects and what are the weakest majors at Western Carolina University?
What's the difference between the designations \"USS\" and \"USNS\" for US Navy vessels?
How do you console a distant relative whose younger brother has only a few weeks to live and whose 2 younger siblings have also succumbed to cancer?
Was World War 2 a fake to boost the economies of countries, and also to boost industries in less populated areas?
Is it legal to make a boat and travel with it around the world without a passport?
What's your favourite country to visit and the most special place you've been to?
What is the difference between a state and a commonwealth in the US?
How did the US allow China to become a significant power and challenge its superpower status?
If I had a speed ticket but im not a us citizen and the police office didn't write my social security number and made a mistake on my birthday is the ticket still legal or not?
What is the crime rate in the Borough of Ealing and how does it compare to Greenwich?
What is the difference between the Dell Inspiron and the Vostro series? And which is better & why?
Which OS is going to take over Android and IOS? Is Sony or Ubuntu coming out with their own Os?
Why are Indian Americans like Nathan Desai and Mainak Sarkar going on shooting sprees?
What are the advantages and disadvantages respectively for UK and U.S. to intervene other countries?
What were the major contributions of the political leaders during WW1, and how are the compared to the ones during the Iraq War?
Wildlife Conservation: If poachers need elephant tusks and rhino horns, why do they kill the animals? Can't they just shave the tusk or horn off?
What is the best Hindi song and the best English song of 2016?
What is my paypal email and where can I find it?
Can the relationship between China and Japan be improved or will it remain deadlocked?
How can I make my penis strong and have a high level of testosterone?
What should I do after my 4year long girlfriend broke up with me and told me she needs space to figure herself out?
What are the pros and cons of demonetizing Rs.500 and Rs.1000 notes?
Is it a good decision to switch to another company as I have spent a total 3 months in my current company and I have total experience of 1 year 3 months? Or this would lead to any rejection?
What are some of the advantages and disadvantages of quantitative easing?
What are the pros and cons of running in treadmill for 20 mins and doing EFX for 20 mins in 5 days a week?
I am 25 years old. My weight is around 58-60 kg and height around 5'9''. I look skinny. How can I gain 10-15 kg weight?
What are all the advantages and disadvantages of floating and fixed exchange rate?
How do you distinguish between renewable and nonrenewable resources? What are some examples?
What are some good strategies to find and engage with mentors?
Do most college students lack a lot of free time, and are they \"walking or treading on thin ice,\" as they say? How to fix this problem?
How would you explain difference between VR and 3D to someone who knows nothing about VR?
Why doesnt the Israeli government just deport all Palestinians and take their land like the way Americans dealt with Indians?
What is the best institute for aptitude and soft skills training in Bangalore?
What happens if the President and Vice-President elect both die between being elected and the inauguration?
What is the difference between  dollar scope and  dollar rootscope in angularjs?
Which are the companies who don't conduct an aptitude test and goes straight towards the final round of an interview?
Can people with BPD become insecure and have low self esteem?
Can a man with blood group B negative and a woman with blood group B positive marry and conceive a healthy child?
What are the most beautiful and untouched tourist destinations in Chhattisgarh?
Why america is killing civilian people in Iraq an Afghanistan and don't even pay their families money?
What are known examples of artificial neural networks used for the design and optimization of artificial neural networks solving practical problems?
Who made the cover art of \"Lord of The Flies\" and how did the artist draw the cover art?
How do I install Bluetooth on my laptop and connect it to a speaker?
If you put something on the internet about someone, and that someone offers you money to remove it (without you having asked for any money), and you accept the money and remove the information,  is it extortion in any way?
Which is a suitable inpatient drug and alcohol rehab center in Coosa County AL?
What salary can I expect with 2+ years of experience in Selenium and the current CTC is around 5.2 LPA in India?
I'm ASE at Accenture. Have been rolled off current project and has been Shadow Hardlock to new one not at my prefered location. What can I do now ?
I am in the 11th standard and I want to go in the robotics field after the 12th. What course and entrance exam should I look for?
What are differences between crank and slotted lever mechanisms and a Whitworth quick return mechanism?
Why is Quora so obviously and may I add unfairly Liberal?
Is there a relationship between multiple personality disorder and borderline personality disorder?
How can I find electrical and P&ID drawings for CAT engine 3516B?
What is the title of the French short film that happens in a laundromat and ends with a half-naked girl swinging in the French flag (made out of clothes) mirroring the painting Liberty Leading the People?
I am applying for the passport. My name in voter ID and Aadhar cards differ by a letter. Will this create an issue?
What if someone added lyrics to my song and put it on YouTube as theirs. How do I copyright it?
Are you sad or emotionally unstable and badly need someone to talk to?
Should the Nepalese army throw away their guns and start running beauty parlors?
If wiping out human existence would save planet earth, and not doing so would lead to its complete destruction, should we do it?
Has Robert Frost read The Secret? The book speaks of quantum physics and the law of attraction by asking the universe.Does he believe in the concept
What is training evaluation and how is it done? With the help of some game play?
If the pole strength of a magnet is equal and opposite then how do some magnets have a pole strength?
I would like to know about the common prefixes namely iso- and neo- which are used in organic nomenclature. I just wanted explanations about using these, I mean when and where to use these and what do these mean?
Which is a suitable inpatient drug and alcohol rehab center near Montgomery County AL?
I am a high school sophomore, and I need to choose between varsity basketball, and varsity swimming. What should I choose for extracurriculars?
Do female users get harassed for the questions and answers they post on Quora?
Who was the first king of England, and how did he rise to power? What were his major accomplishments?
What are the effects of the divided government during the Bush administration and did it have a positive or negative effect?
What is a TMT steel rod and what is the difference between HYSD and TMT bars? What are the pros of TMT bars over HYSD and mild steel?
What is the relationship between kinetic stability and thermodynamic stability of proteins?
What is the mass of a proton, neutron and an electron? How is this determined?
Which is a suitable inpatient drug and alcohol rehab center near Bertie County NC?
What make Asians (especially Koreans and Chinese) between the ages of 35 - 60 look young and petite, compare to other whites and blacks of similar age bracket?
What are some of the best and most unique poses ever done for a picture?
How will Brexit impact the flow of goods and people between Northern Ireland and the Republic of Ireland?
How should I study for physics when I have only a week left for it and there are 5 chapters that are completely untouched?
Why did the Nazis idolise blonde hair and blue eyes when the Nazi leaders were nothing like that?
My ex's idea of an \"apology\" for cheating on me and ill-treating me is hacking into my accounts. Wow? Should I be flattered?
Is there an income inequality in America or inequality of mindset, habits and belief system? People come from dirt poverty to millionaire status.
I am travelling from Chicago Airport in late December and early January for some very important trips. Do I face a risk of flight delay/cancellation?
Does Reliance\u2019s Jio 4G network work in Andaman and Nicobar islands, especially in its capital Port Blair?
What are the effects on placements after failing in subjects in the 1st and 2nd semester of computer engineering at Mumbai University?
How long does it take for fluids to enter your stomach, and then bladder, after drinking?
What is meant by headline inflation and what is core inflation?
What are sticker packs in criminal case and how are they useful in the game?
I got my PhD this year for mathematics and physics. I am 9-years-old, what path should I take now?
What is the difference between the prior and the posterior in statistics?
Is it possible to change domain names and not lose your rank in google's search results?
I am a 16 year old high school student. I got a job over the summer for some spending cash. School started back yesterday and I'm not sure school and work are going to mix very well for me. Can I quit without a two weeks notice?
What are the largest rivers in China and how do they characterize?
If I do only Rd sharma in class 11 and 12 but properly, Can I do good in JEE mains?
You should take care of yourself, go out and make yourself available - What am I doing wrong, if this doesn't seem to work?
What is the difference between shia and sunni method of collecting Hadith?
Is there a place on Earth where the setting sun and the rising moon can be seen at opposite sides of the sky?
What should I do if my aadhar card gets lost and it is not linked with my phone number?
What is difference between front end and back end web developer?
How can Hillary Clinton be an effective President and control our nation when she could not even control her husband?
What's the best way to react to someone having a PTSD flashback and is including you in the fantasy?
I am an IIT JEE 2016 aspirant. My concepts are not very clear in full physics and organics. I can do math well. I want to have a three digit rank in IIT 2016. What should I do now?
What are best career options available for electrical and electronics engineer today?
What are the differences between sales and marketing? What are some examples?
Why do some people get offended so easily and take everything so personally?
Can we use IRNSS in place of GPS from mobiles and other devices in India from 2016?
I have sent some contact details to my client, he says he will call those people and check. what should be my next email to him now?
I was working on a startup idea from 3 months and Google launched same product today.What do I do now?
Electrostatic mental thought caused eyeglasses with silica dust to show my eye pupil and iris imprinted on the eye glasses next day. Science advise?
Will humans ever be able to combine the DNA of an animal and a human to make a flying eagle human for example?
What happens when sodium hydroxide and copper sulfate are combined? Is the reaction dangerous?
What is the difference between a SWAT team and Military special forces?
Should prostitution be legal and if so how should it be regulated?
My girlfriend just broke up with me and wants to remain friends but right now she's ignoring me?
Why do people here in India hate things they can\u00b4t afford and pass judgement to people who really like them & can afford them?
Why is the gap between theatrical and DVD release of a movie getting shorter?
Who is a better politician and why: Donald Trump or Hillary Clinton?
Are Nasik and Hyderabad good place for work and a fun lifestyle?
If I purchase a new car in texas and move to california in a months time will I again have to re register and pay tax in both states? Or can I ask buy the car in texas and ask the dealer to register in CA is that a possibility?
If a function f(x)[/math] is defined as f(x) =x(1-x)[/math] for x[/math] rational and f(x) =\\frac{1}{4}-x(1-x)[/math] for irrational x,[/math] what can be said of the continuity of f(x)[/math] in [0,1]?[/math]
What are the strongest majors in terms of job prospects and what are the weakest majors at Pepperdine?
How can I start up a business in India and how can I promote it large?
I currently have a condo paid off worth  dollar 250,000. The cash flow after all the expense is around  dollar 800 per month. I want to utilize the money better and I tried to refinance this condo, but unfortunately this condo has a low owner occupancy and does not qualify for a loan. Do I just keep it or sell it?
What are the pros and cons of AC motor versus DC motor?
I'll be applying for admission into several Engineering programs within the next month. If I don't get accepted can I start as a different major and then transfer into the College of Engineering at a later time once I prove my grades?
Time a guy says he likes me I slowly stop talking to him, and I don't know why and I do like them. What should I do?
Why did I miss my views and upvotes on Quora for 2 days last week?
Who were the leaders during WW1, and how are they compared to the leaders during the Northern Wars?
Is bonnisan liquid and gripe water the same? If not, what are the differences and which one is better for infants? Can we use both?
How can I contact someone on Quora and send private message?
Where do the id, ego and superego fit in in the iceberg model?
How do you cook pork chops on a griddle, and for how long should I cook them?
What is the difference between Program Counter and Flash memory in Arduino?
Will students who were not good at their academics, not from a good college, but can afford and have gone to the US for a MS be able to sustain in such a hectic academic schedule and get a job there given they couldn't do well in their UG and crack any interview?
What are some of your best and worst experiences in Las Vegas?
How does one reduce lust instinct and live a purer life?
What are the implications of the ongoing \"dollar shortage\" and \"rising dollar\" phenomenon in the global markets in 2016?
Is there any difference between source and drain in an MOS fabrication, Can we put Vdd at the source and ground the drain in case of NMOS?
What do you feel when you watch Ravish Kumar reporting a news story brilliantly and see the other journalists behaving like idiots in the same and other news channels?
Which country in the world has the least negative view on Muslims and Islam excluding Muslim countries?
Is there a possibility of conflict between Jon and Daenerys for power over Westeros?
Could I become a UX designer without knowing really much about coding and prior working experience after seriously taking a UX full time course?
I was born in New Zealand in 1993. I am a Canadian citizen (18y) and live in Canada. Can I still retain my New Zealand citizenship?
I got a D in senior year of college in between A\u2019s and B\u2019s. I want to go to grad school. How do I explain the D?
What are the major advantages and differences between single rear wheel and dual rear wheel pickup trucks?
The Bible says that if you give a man a fish, he will eat today, but teach a man to fish and he will eat forever. Are there similar passages from other religions?
What are the career options for an electrical and electronics engineer in the IOT field?
How do you approach a girl if she's in a pack and never seems to leave the pack of girls?
Phrases: Where did the term \"phoning it in\" come from, and how did it come to mean someone not trying hard enough?
How do I turn my life around and ditch old friends and life forever and not look back?
Why would sea breeze comes to land in day time and in night time it's vice-versa?
Should I go to an interview just for the sake of getting a better offer and use it to negotiate in my present company to increase my pay scale?
How do I make stacks using pointers and functions at the same time in a program?
I've never been pregnant. And I'm in my 2nd year of menopausal and what to have a baby what can I do?
What are the applications of derivatives and integration in real life?
I am fresher, gained several types of IT software and embed skills. Wanted to open a start up company. How can I move on?
What are the cutoff rank and marks in the GATE for PSU for electrical?
Candidate with 62.43 percent in MCA with 13 Backlogs and all Cleared Can I Get Visa for Canada?
What is a consecutive calendar day and how is it related with the Tranquility Calendar?
How do Kashmiri Muslims believe that Jesus is buried in Kashmir and they also have his grave and foot prints, when according to Islam Jesus never died?
Why do some babies not cry just after birth and what is the problem behind it?
What is the difference between first party and third party insurance?
What is really the point/gist/theme of Fear and Loathing in Las Vegas?
Blood passes through arteries and veins. If so, then why do we bleed when hurt?
Where can I get very affordable fire and security protection service in Sydney?
As a 14 year old girl who wants to go to medical school, should I work extremely hard and study a lot now to be ready for it? What should I do?
What is a good inpatient drug and alcohol rehab center in Taylor County FL?
What are some English sentences that sound weird and incorrect but are actually grammatically correct?
Is it legal to put in my website, the different press sites and places where the products I sale have been on? How can I do this
If an Amazon Prime Air drone was shot down by a pistol, rifle, or shotgun and dropped my delivery, would Amazon replace it?
How come the other planets have mythological names and ours is just called Earth?
Who was Sanjay in Mahabharat and how did he get the power to oversee the entire war?
What's the best case scenario for peace between Israel and Palestine in the next decade?
How can I be a better person and improve my questions on Quora?
How can I resist my feelings towards my crush and try my best not to give any hint that I like her?
I have a computer science exam (12th board) on the 27th and maths is on the 18th. What should be my strategy towards doing my syllabus of CS in time to score 100?
I did ALOT of research about Dark Web. Later that night at 3AM I received calls from +301 and a WhatsApp from Saudi. Is this just coincidence?
How can I backup my SMS and call logs from a phone to my Gmail account?
Which online forum(s) can one find the most rational, productive and insightful discussions on the planet?
How can pie is the ratio of circumference and diameter or equal to C by D because pie is irrational number and circumference by diameter is rational?
What does it mean when you send someone a message on Kik and it says \"S\" instead of a \"D\" or \"R\"?
How is Shah Rukh Khan in real life, and what is it like interviewing him?
In \"The Boondocks,\" why do Huey and Riley live with their grandfather?
What is the difference between \"In time and on time\"? Which one is correct?
Which countries would survive and fare relatively well during and after WW3?
Is the OP Tandon book best for organic and inorganic chemistry? Also, is it best for physical?
What are some iOS App development websites that provide similar functionality and utility to website building sites like Wix, Weebly, Squarespace and Visual Composer (Wordpress visual editor)?
Is it feasible to build a wall between the US and Mexico as Donald Trump claims he would do?
I don't know English very well but I'd like to speak in fluent English. Whenever I speak in English in front of others and my friends I always think that my friends will be laughing at me. I am also making spelling mistakes when I am writing. What is the solution for this?
Why do turkey (animal) and Turkey (country) share the same name?
Who are some lesser known important historical figures of Mongolia and what should people know about them?
I have been living in a hostel for 2 weeks and I still miss my parents. I am unable to adjust. What should I do?
What is the difference between a bonus issue and split in share markets?
What percentile do I require to get in IIM if I am an ST and I have done a master's from IIT with one year of experience?
Can I let x axis -vertical and y axis-horizontal in 2D coordinate system?
How can I manage time between studying medicine (it needs much time and effort ),learning a language,reading novels and watching tv ?
Where can I get very safe and reliable pest services in Inner west?
If a Bollywood movie were made on the life and career of Dhirubhai Ambani, what would be its after interval scene?
Ascertain the South African equipment and manpower on the border wars please especially against the Cubans and other E European/Soviet involvement?
What are the pros and cons of dating a Chinese girl?
What is the most rare, impressive and confusing coin magic tricks?
What is the difference between Chef and Puppet in configuration management software?
What happened to Hong Kong movies and TV drama? Why did they decline so much?
If I'm getting abused by a friend and my boyfriend came and saved me and got in a fist fight with him could he go to jail also?
Why is the diesel price less than petrol even though they are refining in the same refinery and the diesel require some more step than petrol?
What is the difference between PM2.5 and PM10 with respect to the atmospheric pollutants?
What is the exact difference between bachelor of mass communication and journalism and bachelor of arts in mass communication and journalism?
I will study in Italy next year and I am from the UK, once the negotiations are finished and Britain leaves the EU will I need a visa to stay?
What is the complete procedure to apply for an Indian passport and what is the list of required documents?
I have a permanent address and a temporary address. I never lived in the permanent address and don't have any proof too. Should I mention both addresses in my passport form?
Hello guys! I want to buy a new laptop for gaming and design. So which laptop should I buy for gaming and design well?
I am in love with a codependent who has gone back to his narcissistic ex-wife. He says he loves me and is trying to leave her. Am I wasting my time trying to help a friend/lover or should I just leave him in his misery?
I'm a 15 year old girl that weighs 102 pounds and I'm 5'4. How bad is this?
Could a technologically advanced Borg gather all the water in the universe and destroy it and ensure that the universe can never make more?
If you had to survive a zombie apocalypse in a car and pick up survivors in it, which car would you choose?
I use my desktop (core i5 8gb ram) for few minutes and then even when I click an icon it freezes and doesn't respond why is this Happening?
Is there infinite energy in zero point energy and infinite virtual particles in vacuum energy? Is this a real or just a mathematical thing?
What is the least harmful food for your health if you are a vegan and didn't find other options. Eggs, cheese or fish?
Why when I call a friends number from landline and goes to my old cell number?
How can I change my spouse name and address in Aadhar card?
Should I quit Quora because my questions always need improvement and my answers are always collapsing?
What is the longest roller coaster in the United Kingdom and how does it compare to the longest roller coaster in Singapore?
Why do Hindus worship the snake and what does sarpa dosha mean?
My father's middle name is Kumar. But in his 10th mark sheet only his first name and last name are written. Will there be any problem while processing his passport?
How do I gain more weight and at the same time reducing my belly fat?
What are the most interesting products and innovations that Texas Capital Bancshares is coming out with in 2016?
I got this injury on August 5 on my forehead. How do I reduce scarring and how long will it take for the scar to go away completely?
What are two infinite nilpotent matrices A and B, for which the product AB is not nilpotent?
Is it too late to learn a language like Spanish or French at 23 and be really good at it? (advanced level)
My hair is thinning, very dry, and unhealthy, and I have dandruff?
Can I see my search history once I log out and log in again on instagram?
What is black death and why does it not happen again now?
When going down hill in car, is it OK to depend less on the brakes and more on engine braking by leveraging the clutch? Will the clutch get more wear and tear and does that outweigh the advantage of a cool braking and fast coasting?
How does a low pressure cell and a high pressure cell differ?
How do France's economic activities compare and contrast to those of Venezuela?
What is the difference between a*|b* and (a|b) * in regular expressions?
Who are the Paytm shareholders and how much do they own?
Why does \"The Grim Adventures of Billy and Mandy\" cartoon remind me of \"Beelzebub\" demon anime?
Why the water at Indian Beaches are brown and not blue like foreign countries?
How can we make this world visa and border free with a centralised government ?
Where can we find high quality and comfortable sheet sets in variety of colors?
I have downloaded close to 200 songs on the Wynk app on my iPhone. If I restore my phone and re-download the Wynk app, will information about my downloaded tracks be preserved with Airtel so that I can re-download the same tracks again?
What is AP Physics 1 and AP Physics 2 and AP Physics B and AP Physics C?
How come film directors do not make movies with plenty of nudity and sex like what they made decades ago like Basic Instinct with Sharon Stone?
What is the molecular spacing of ice if 1 cubic metre contains 3.1x10^28 molecules and water if 1 cubic metre contains 3.2x10^28 molecules?
What is the scope of electrical and instrumentation engineering in motorsports?
How do marine mammals like dolphins and whales sleep without drowning?
What is the difference between the scattering of light and the dispersion of light? Does a prism scatter light? If not, then how and why?
Could Brittany unite with Wales, Scotland and Ireland to form a united Celtic country?
I resides in Asansol. I have to do L.L.B. plus B.A. from nearby place with reputed and reasonable college/university. So what are the options for me?
In GOT, if I walked to Storms End, knocked on the door and asked who's in charge, what would they say?
If a person who admired you, approached you and asked you to teach them how to be (more) like you, would you agree?
What is a suitable inpatient drug and alcohol rehab center near Mitchell County GA?
I had my wisdom tooth pulled out 2 days ago. Fainted and fell, now I am having a spinning sensation should I go to have anything checked?
My boyfriend is cold and stingy. He's also selfish in bed and bad in bed as well. I've grown to resent him. What do I do?
What is the difference between Audi Quattro and Subaru Symmetrical AWD?
What will be the effects of demonetisation of 500 and 1000 notes on the Indian economy?
If you were dropped at a foreign country, with no contacts there, just your knowledge and money for 1 month. How would you make money?
What are some of the most influential and important books you've read?
Why is it that women think of security first and then about love and other feelings when someone proposes to them?
If a man cheats on me and leaves to be in a relationship with his lover and then, after a year, I take him back, will he cheat on me again?
Why it said that 122 constitutional amendment is just enabling act and what is that GST act should not in money bill form?
Why is a dollar sometimes called a \"buck\" and  dollar 1,000 called a \"grand\", etc?
What are the four types of macromolecules and what are their differences?
What are the mathematics topic under Bsc maths that doesn't have proving and not much calculations, I want to start my Bsc maths project help please?
How is it that God does not have a special place for his first created Man, Adam and his woman Eve? Are they truly gone never to return?
I have still not prepared constructions, locus and graphs in maths.Would I will be able to score 100 in ICSE maths?
If I get a back in mathematics in the first semester in engineering and I have cleared it within four years, will I be able to sit in an IES or GATE interview after clearing a written exam of these IES and GATE exams in mechanical?
My friend did a factory reset on my Nokia E90 phone while fiddling with it. There was no memory card, just the phone memory. It's an office phone and I need my data back - messages, photos are main, is there anyway to get it back?
How realistic is the proposition of the big crunch singularity, and the possibility of a contracting universe?
Who are the most interesting and famous populist leaders in UK history, past or present?
A girl rejected me then we stopped talking for days then recently we started talking really a lot again and when I disappeared for 4 days she said she was worried to death about me . Should I propose again?
What are the differences between excitatory and inhibitory neurons in the brain?
I want to start a company and I have a friend of mine wanting to do this with me and I want to do it alone, how should I say no to him?
If I want to say, \"let me know if you can try something and finish doing it\", is it correct to say \"let me know if you could try it\"?
Would you rather be wealthy and unhappy or poor and happy?
Considering destruction of world's great libraries, such as Alexandria and Nalanda, is it OK to say Islam is the worst vandalism in human history?
Which are the best website design and development companies in Delhi NCR?
If 20 men do 60 percent of a work in 16 days and 12 women do 30 percent of same work in 15 days then in How many days 8 men and 18 women can complete that work?
Why is Stan Lee generally seen as the face and mind of Marvel Comics when the likes of Jack Kirby, Steve Ditko and even Chris Claremont barely get any credit despite they all contributed just as much, if not more, as him?
Scalability: What is the best way to store and serve hundreds of GB of images for a heavy traffic website?
Do scientists have an idea how pterosaurs could have behaved and lived and if they behaved similar to birds?
Does any one remember a particular movie scene where a group of men conducted a meeting and all were wearing mascots? (there was a panda)
I have reliance jio 4g SIM. I downloaded MyJio app and filled my Jio number, the OTP is sent to an unknown number. So how can I access My Jio App?
What are the best ways to write effective answers, essays and precise for UPSC Civil Services and UPSC CAPF? Any suggested books or blogs?
I am 26-year-old guy. I masturbate after sex. We (my girlfriend and I) enjoy sex a lot, but lately she came to know about this. Will it affect my relationship? Am I a satyriasis?
What's the difference between a BSc in economics and a BA in economics in India?
What is the difference between gravitational potential and gravitational potential energy?
How would the securitisation of pharmaceutical research and development be practically implemented?
I am a girl who have lot of hairs in hand and legs.What should I do to permanently get of this?
What is the current in-hand salary of a RBI Grade B officer (Manager) after pay revision and 7th PC? Is it still the highest paying government job?
I have two young female guinea pigs and they don't eat vegetables. Other than corn on the cob and carrots they shun all other veggies. Any ideas?
What Canadian university has one of the best engineering graduate programs and offers scholarships (preferably full or almost full tuition) to international students?
Is a student from a state other than West Bengal eligible for writing WBJEE and getting admission into Jadavpur University?
If we're living in a virtual/computed simulation, how could we find bugs and what would they look like? Are there any flaws discovered so far?
Why didn't Hermione heal Dobby in Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows: Part 1?
What are some good blogs for learning algorithms and competitive programming techniques?
Why there is a low and high current tripping for any pump?
Can opera singers sing pop, blues, and rock songs without damaging their vocal cords?
I want to make a travel commercial/clip video HD , For India and New Zealand. How much will it cost?
What is the cutoff percentile for NITIE and MDI Gurgaon this year?
How can you determine the boiling and melting point of copper?
Is there a personality test or something that determines whether your personality and your zodiac actually match or if your personality matches with another zodiac?
Can you get sores from a yeast infection and how do you treat them?
What are the pros and cons of the Windows phone 8?
Should there be a balance between both magnetic fields of stator and armature in a PM DC motor for proper operation of the motor? If so, what is the effect of unbalanced magnetic fields?
What are some budget friendly tips like where to stay and all, for a 2 night visit to Goa?
What is the difference between the Fab and Fv region in antibodies?
What's the better app for beginner mindfulness and meditation, Simple Habit or Calm?
What are some of the best, most interesting, and entertaining books that you have read and would recommend?
Isn't this contradictory that most of the people selected in UPSC are from UP and Bihar, and these states have the most corrupted government in India?
What sp hybridizations do nitrogen and oxygen have in NO and NO2? How are the atomic orbitals overlapped in these molecules?
Does someone receive notification if I like and then unlike a photo on Facebook?
My boyfriend recently broke up with me. I work with him and seeing him at work everyday is killing me. How do I deal with this?
What are the best engineering and medical entrance coaching centers in Kerala?
How do I deal with a co-worker who twists your words to make you look bad, and even goes so far as to create drama out of thin air?
Who are some lesser known important historical figures of Aruba and what should people know about them?
Religious Practices: My mother does not allow me to cook onions/garlics in the kitchen because she says that we have Baalgopal in our house. But she herself cooks occassionally and then cleans everything thoroughly including stoves, walls, ventilation etc. How can I enjoy self-cooked food with onions when I am not allowed?
How can be Kashmir issue be resolved peacefully and in a just manner? What will be it's implications for India and its people?
What is the time difference for map reduce and elastic search to process data?
What is the procedure of buying and selling shares through a Demat account?
What is exactly beta and gamma functions and why we need it?
What are the basic projects of signal and systems using MATLAB?
Difference between a throw-away prototype and an evolutionary prototype in software development?
How much time is required to complete the CBSE 11th and the CBSE 12th syllabus through self-study? Is it possible to do it in 6 months?
What is the general view about Iran (Ancient Persia) in Ancient countries like Greece and Italy (who were empire enemies of ancient Persians)?
What is the best way to keep ourselves inspired and continue with our work all the time?
I've never loved anybody. I don't know if it's normal or not. I never miss my parents or siblings when I'm away for months and I've been like this my whole life. As an Indian, I've been set up for an arranged marriage. I doubt that I'll love my child too. Will I?
Give me some names of famous GSB people and their contribution to industry in India?
Resources are limited while the world's population is increasing and so is the expected standard of living. Do you think we need a different economic paradigm in the future?
I took my GATE exam in 2013 and I need its score card now. How can I get it?
What is the minimum GATE rank for sc, electronics and communications engineering to get a job at PSU?
What are the best websites and blogs java programmer must follow?
Is there a difference between realism and pessimism? Can a realist be a pessimist?
I just spent 6 weeks in NYC and now have returned to my hometown in Iowa, I feel like I'm stagnating and there's no opportunity. How do I combat this?
What would be the consequences of Brexit on UK and the other European countries?
How come most men in the world pee standing up, and most women in the world pee sitting down?
I go to a girl's house once a month. I like her and she seems to always be using her phone. Does this mean anything?
What were the major effects of the cambodia earthquake, and how do these effects compare to the Chile earthquake in 2010?
I want to buy a smartphone under Rs. 14000 which has good performance and camera quality, so,which smartphone should I buy?
What was the significance of the Tet Offensive and why was it so damaging to the US war effort?
I often feel enraged by my kids' sounds, and constant chatting or arguments, I will shut off emotionally and mentally, what is going on?
Do Israel govt and Israeli citizens support Two State solution and Palestine exist as separate independent nation?
What happens if I am traveling in the US temporarily and don't pay a medical bill I receive for ER care while in the USA?
I have been selected for Regional Rural Bank as OFFICER Scale 1 and UCO Bank Clerk.Which one is better to join for career growth?
I am having 3 year of exp in android. I have offer from bangalore and gurgaon, salary in both city is almost same, which city will be best for my career prospective?
Cut off frequencies of a transistor are f1 = 500 Hz and f2 = 400 kHz. The mid band voltage gain = 80. What is the voltage at 250 Hz?
Do you know anyone using pure VoLTE in LG G4. I want to a G4 and I need a confirmation for that. I know G4 has 4G. but VoLTE.?
What are the strongest majors in terms of job prospects and what are the weakest majors at UCLA?
Is there any nutritional difference between sweet red apples and those that are not sweet? Or are they generally the same in nutrients despite the flavor?
Is it possible for me to have Aspergers and to have never gotten diagnosed by the age of 21?
If Dr. Ambedkar, Mahatma Gandhi, Subhashchandra Bose and Azad have been alive today, which political party they would have joined?
Hypothetically If India were to be divided into South and North, could the South survive without North and vice-versa?
In the Christian Bible do Jews go to heaven and does God want Jews to become Christian? (Religion not race)
What are some site from where I can download new hollywood and bollywood dubbed movies in good quality \"\"safely\"\"?
How much is one million and one billion in lakhs and crores?
Does india happy to see that Bangladesh economy is growing and country is developing with good range?
Lifelong premature ejaculation problems and lack of sex drive, what can I do?
Which operating System is best in terms of performance and security? Is it Windows or iOS?
How do I create a gif and share it on WhatsApp?
Have you ever tried a polyphasic sleep schedule and been benefited by it? If so, what was your schedule?
When was the last time you wrote a letter, sealed it in an envelope, addressed it, stamped it and posted it, for no other reason than you just wanted to?
Where can I learn hindustani vocal and kirtan vocal in India?
What topics should I learn about to be good in starting and managing my own business? (Accounting, etc. ?)
How do I do a business of export and import in New Zealand?
I have dated a guy for five years. One month ago, he says he lost interest in me and he does not love me anymore but he wanted to be friends with me forever. Can I continue being friends with him?
How many immigrants arrived and stayed in European countries in 2015 and 2016?
Why does volumetric strain volume of a solid body always decrease and not increase? If it does please give an example.
What are miranda rights and what is the equivalent of these in Canada?
How economy achieve low unemployment, low inflation and economic growth at the same time?
What is Tarmac used for and how is it used? What are some examples?
What are the main anthropogenic impacts on N and P cycles in Australian ecosystems?
Are the Hazaras seen as conquering Mongols and thus foreign by the Afghans/ Pashtuns?
What is a good inpatient drug and alcohol rehab center near Cherokee County GA?
What features of Jane Austen and her novels are so disliked by some people and loved by others?
What are some stereotypes and connotations of accents and dialects in languages aside from English?
Can I carry a laminated or soft copy of my drivers license and legally use the same when the Indian traffic cops ask for documents?
What is angular momentum and linear momentum? What are their differences?
What are the top three countries in oil, coal, and natural gas consumption?
Why do some people feel lethargic and lazy during the day hours but are wide awake and energetic at night?
I broke a kids arm at school I'm traumatised and depressed what can I do to cope?
What is the difference between a unit test and a functional/integration test?
Can Roman Saini answer what is the exact difference between Indian foreign services and Indian Administrative services? Which one is more lucrative or preferable?
How did Shahid Balwa of DB Realty start such a large scale construction business and become a billionaire in just 4 years without having any knowledge of the construction business?
How do you recover from an emotionally abusive and manipulative relationship?
I want to get into the cybersecurity and ethical hacking where do I start?
What do you like most and least about being an American?
For the IAS after the 10th, are arts and humanities the best or not?
What do you mean by positive and negative energy in universe?
What are some innovative and interesting event ideas for a college fest?
Where can I find Kubo and the Two Strings movie on Netflix?
How to prepare for both IBPS PO and SSC CGL Tier 2 ?
How does Spotify offline work? What format do the songs get downloaded and cached? And how much space does each song take?
What video will show about 10 different extrasolar Earths - each with it's animal-like and people-like living things that will be shown in the video too?
Where could I find the book Structural Analysis by L.S. Negi and R.S. Jangid, published by Tata McGraw Hill (soft copy/hard copy)?
Why should I dump an Android and iOS for a Windows Phone?
How do dental offices typically buy services? What is the process and how involved are the dentists themselves?
What is the difference between a Center Forward (CF) and Striker (ST) , Is it based only on the formation?
According to Hinduism, if our previous life Karmas decides our current life fortunes & misfortunes, what is the use of living current life if nothing is in our hand and everything is decided by previous birth, what is the use of doing hardwork in current life?
Successful people succeed after lots of hardships and struggle. Narrate a story of great dedication from everyday life?
Are there any really good French songs and French movies to be recommended?
What distinguishes civic tech from e gov and old school good government reform?
If I am going to need a graphing calculator for calculus and stats should I get a TI-84 or get the cheaper TI-83 for about half the price?
Can you be a theoretical physicist and an engineer at the same time?
What are similarities and difference between relativistic mass and rest mass?
What universal remote do I need and how do I set it up to a Blaupunkt TV?
Which are some of the engagement and consumption trends of the elite and rich people?
How can substantive farming meet and develop the needs of a family?
Why do teenage female fans scream hysterically for their musical idols and wait outside for hours to see them, while teenage boys do not?
What are the some best exercises to reduce fat over thighs and hips, but without any equipment for women?
What is the difference between CS50 AP and CS50x course on edx?
When children are not disciplined (or guided) and not held accountable for their actions does that cause emotional problems?
Is it advisable to have a website and app that do the same thing?
Can I make my own digital signature? I badly need to sign some documents and I'm 60kms away from work because of surgery recovery.
I slept with a guy when I was 10. I'm a guy(not gay). My mom and grandma know about it but my dad doesn't. I think now I should tell him. Should I?
How can I use an OCR software to scan certain data and then represent this data in the form of charts in an iOS app?
I'm hosting a girl via couchsurfing. I feel that we have a lot of in common and I really like her personality. Should I tell her about my feelings?
Who would win in a fight between Naruto and Luffy from One Piece?
You wake up as a homeless man with no sellable skills. and  dollar 5 how do you destroy the world?
What is the difference between breakfast tea and afternoon tea (not tea time, tea itself)?
How can I stop Quora from modifying and editing other people\u2019s questions on Quora?
An increase in working capital can be brought about by and increase in inventory true or false?
Is anyone joining Vajiram and Ravi for the upcoming July 2017 Batch?
What is Muay Thai and how does it compare to Jiu Jitsu?
I am 26 year old Indian male. I have very little facial hair on my chin and mustache area. Is there any way I can get a full-face beard?
If I just got off my period a few days and started again what could cause this?
What is the difference between Java console and Java standard input/output?
What is the best question and answer you have ever seen in Quora?
Why is India distancing itself from Russia and recently nearing itself to the US and other European countries?
I am a second year B.Tech student, majoring in Electronics and Communications. Where can I apply for internships in Summer 2017?
What are some differences between a Mac and a PC? What are some similarities?
What is the Lewis structure of SiF4, and how does it compare to that of nitrogen?
My Samsung 940x3G laptop often loses internet connection. Chrome stops responding, and I cannot shut it down for a while. What could be the problem?
Why do startups crave to set up shop in San Francisco city and not Mountain View/Sunnyvale or other cities,  despite traffic?
One US dollar is equivalent to more than sixty rupees. But the prices of same services and items are much more in the US than in India. Does this imply that the actual value of a US dollar is much less than the market exchange rates?
How much money does a wine and food bar make in NYC?
Do brain games improve brain processing speed and working memory capacity?
If a person covers 1/3rd of his journey by cycle at 50, the next 1/3rd by car at 30 kmph and the rest by walking at 7 km/h, what is his average speed during the whole journey?
Are infographics useful in and of themselves, or are they an SEO trick?
What is the current difference between MS and ME in Usa. Does job opportunities differ?
If Pakistan tries to nuke India, can India defend itself and strike back? Then can Pakistan defend itself?
When I drink something, my front tooth gets cold and starts hurting. What does that mean?
How do I teach myself to pay attention and prevent my mind from wandering in school?
Which is a suitable inpatient drug and alcohol rehab center near Jefferson County AR?
What is the practical use of probability and statistics in computer science or a good motivation to study it?
How can we find 1's complement and 2's complement (for both positive and negative decimal numbers)?
Watching show called \"60 Days In\" about being in jail, and I'm wondering how my brother does his job as a jailer?
What are the strongest majors in terms of job prospects and what are the weakest majors at the University of Washington?
What is the placement scenario and scope at NMIMS for an MBA (Pharmaceutical Management)?
Can anyone share examples of how a team of Gen Y/Millennials has improved productivity and agility at large corporate organizations and/or start-ups?
Did Baba Farid lived in a jungle and crows ate his flesh?
Would have Myanmar felt threatened if Vietnam had successfully invaded Laos, Cambodia and Thailand in 1979? Could Myanmar fight against Vietnam?
How do I become good in Forex trading and what is the best Forex trading platform?
I have 10 years of experience in human resources with good international brands. However, while looking for a job change, I have to really depend on luck because my grad and MBA (HR) degrees are distance education. Would it help if I did a PhD in a HR (full-time) topic to gain an edge? If not, what are my options?
If I send someone a request in Snapchat and they don't accept me can they still read my message?
Do we get a refund if we book a waiting e-ticket for a train and the ticket doesn't get confirmed?
What is the Vox Media CMS and how do I use it?
How and where did Jon Favreau train for the movie Chef and did it change his outlook on the restaurant industry or food itself?
How do you differentiate between love and infatuation? When will we truly love someone?
What determines the cost of a medical encounter/procedure for a patient and the amount that the provider gets payed?
Who are the best teaching fellows in Math 21b (Linear Algebra and Differential Equations) at Harvard?
Which is a good inpatient drug and alcohol rehab center near Montgomery County NC?
I had one set of pictures of my wife and another set for me. I merged the two. How do I unmerge and start over?
Does Jake Williams search up his name on Quora and answer all the questions about himself?
I want to buy a smartphone under Rs. 14000 which has good performance and camera quality, so which smartphone should I buy?
What is the difference between an employee and an independent contractor?
What was the production of artwork intended for in Hawaii and how is it compared to the one intended for in Alaska?
Why do some people among educated community hate Facebook and consider it as a waste of time?
What are some of the must-visit places and must-do things in and around Pune? Being new to the city, I would really appreciate an answer.
Can you tell me , what kind of work profiles does an IT workex can expect in HRM and also the package they get post MBA in HRM?
Where can I find French movies and TV shows with English subtitles?
What is the best way to send money between friends in Canada? Venmo, Google Wallet and Square Cash are only available in the US. Paypal is too slow.
What salaries do the IPL players get and what happens with their bid amounts?
Is it advisable to complete 11 and 12 class portions in class 10 for IIT JEE?
What is the second bill that you sign and tip on at a restaurant called?
How do we identify the emitter, collector and base of a transistor by using a multimeter?
Why do I get nervous during interviews and can't express myself properly? Are there any ways to improve?
If someone went into your Gmail account and deleted all your emails, then would Gmail be able to recover them?
When I leave an orange on my desk at work it dries out. When I do this with a tangerine (broadly same conditions) it goes mouldy and decomposes before drying out. What is different about the orange?
What is the best way to install an air compressor, connecting a filter and then a pressure regulator to the output or vice-versa?
How do the Intel STS Student Initiative and Scientific Research Report Badges each compare to the Semifinalist Badge?
If I eat half of a candy bar that cost  dollar 1 and throw away the other half, does that candy bar then become worth  dollar 2?
How not to feel guilty since I am Muslim and I'm conscious we won't have sex together?
If you were a cashier, and a young child wanted to buy an item for their terminally ill parent, and they couldn't quite afford it, would you give them the money?
How do I start a review channel on YouTube? Nobody will give you product and you cannot buy products just for the sake of reviews?
How can I find a boyfriend if I'm gay and just came out to my parents only?
What are the odds of the same person winning both the Powerball and Mega Millions jackpots in the same week?
I lost my mobile phone, but I do have its IMEI number and other details. How can I get it back?
How can the drive from Edmonton to Auckland be described, and how does the history of these cities compare and contrast to the history of Vancouver?
What do I do if my dad insulted and kicked me out of the room?
What subjects do I need to take in high school to study psychology at varsity and then further my studies to become a neuropsychologist?
Who will win in a fight between S.H.I.E.L.D and (Star Trek) USS Enterprise?
Tomorrow is my class 9 SA 1 CBSE board exam and I have not studied anything yet. What is the way such I can score 55+ marks?
WhatsApp: What got me banned from Whatsapp and how do I unban myself?
Why do magazine publishers put everything online for free (Like Wired, Fast Company, Entrepreneur, and Bloomberg Businessweek)? Is there a need to subscribe to print magazines anymore?
Who are some lesser known important historical figures of Lebanon and what should people know about them?
What are the differences between North Indian and South Indian Hindu temples?
What is mean by registered payment and temporary payment in citizen portal of Andhra Pradesh?
Is the supply curve the rising portion of the marginal cost curve over and above the minimum of the average variable cost curve?
Why are entrepreneurs with conservative opinions towards money and the economy usually more successful than liberals?
Which is the best site for the cheapest basic and e-commerce website development?
How much would it cost to design and develop a website like 'tripadvisor.com'?
Is Dany aware of White Walkers and the threat they pose?
If you are a loser in reality, is it better to lie and manipulate yourself to feel motivated?
What is the importance of health and safety policy in construction company?
What is a good modern Java web server and framework for building a RESTful API?
What are some of the most interesting scientific, historical and geographical facts that as a 16 year old I should know?
What is everyday object like a nucleus and what are some examples?
What is the adsense and how to add adsense on their website?
Is now right time to start a career in PLC SCADA and automation? Or is the industry saturated. I am an electronics engineer
I need to bounce back. I was depressed, bored, sad, lonely, loser, a self-hater, a negative thinker, and never made any effort to change myself. How can I change myself and stay motivated?
Interest graph and Intent graph - how important are they and areas where they converge?
Which elements are halogens and how did they become that way?
What is the monthly payment of IAS, IFS, IRS and IPS officers in different states? What are the perks they enjoy?
I got selected in Infosys via campus placement in September 2015 and received my letter of intent in June 2016. When can I expect the offer letter?
What is the best tool to download and archive Twitter data of certain hashtags and mentions for academic research?
I am an engineering student of the metallurgy branch in NIT Srinagar. I enjoy writing programs and I can develop Android apps. Should I leave programming and focus on my branch or should I do what I love?
What will relationships between the USA and Russia be if Trump become the next president?
Should I go for an MBA after about 6 years of experience in academics and teaching or the Indian Administrative Services since I am very keen on entering administration?
How did you find out about Quora and what makes you want to participate in it?
Why energy of pi-plasmon and opical transition in graphene are similar? The origins of plasmon (4.6eV) and optical peak (4eV) are different in nature.
Canada I get 10 percent vacation pay in lump sum once a year and it gets taxed 50 percent so say it was 8000 I get 4000? Is this right?
I purchased Samsung LED 4k SHUD 50\u2033 TV in Malaysia and brought to India. On using for two hours, the TV is generating more heat. Is it usual?
I said to a girl that has a boyfriend that I liked her and she says she never know what's going to happen to her relationship. What does that mean?
Where can I get good quality butter and gourmet ingredients on cupcakes in Gold Coast?
There is a good looking guy that acts like he is by boyfriend and that we have a thing. What does it mean?
If a Bollywood movie were made on the life and career of Cottari Kanakaiya Nayudu, what would be its opening scene?
I wanna make a robotic arm with normal servo and arduino then want to apply PID and Fuzzy controller, how can I do it?
Teen Pregnancy: My 16-year-old son has just announced that his girlfriend is pregnant. Not only that\u2014they made a conscious decision to conceive a baby. I feel crushed, ashamed and defeated. Being told you are going to be a granddad is supposed to be a joyous occasion. Am I overreacting?
How can I talk to a girl on Snapchat? How can I tell if she likes me and how can I tell her I like her without it getting weird?
After diploma can I apply for SSC and bank clerk exams?
Where can I learn to trade Forex and how much money can I realistically make?
How likely can we use system consists of Time and Energy as new unit of measurement to replace cash and our current monetary systems?
What are some tips on travel and expenses or accounts payable job openings in Bangalore?
What is the longest roller coaster in the United Kingdom and how does it compare to the longest roller coaster in Brazil?
Who are some lesser known important historical figures of Tanzania and what should people know about them?
I am in love with my distant cousin. She is in love with me too, and we want to marry. How do we tell our parents?
I want a big brother, but I'm a young teenager and I can't find one. How do I find one?
What are the strongest majors in terms of job prospects and what are the weakest majors at Fordham University?
What is the meaning of hello and why do people start a conversation on phone with hello?
Is there an equation which can calculate the gravity of the planets and their moons in our solar system simultaneously?
How do people fall in love and what are the indicators?
How do I disable double tick and blue tick in WhatsApp?
Why will a guy tell you he can't see you anymore and then text you that he misses you?
The sum of two numbers is 144 and their LCM is 420. What are the numbers?
What are the most interesting products and innovations that INC Research is coming out with in 2016?
The NPV rule says to go for the project that has a higher net present value. What happens if you have one project that has a lower present value but a higher discount rate and the other one has a higher present value but a lower discount rate? Which project would you choose?
If my goal is just to be healthy and fit are bodyweight exercises enough?
Why is a video not showing on YouTube and how can I fix this?
What's the difference between Microsoft Stock Awards and Amazon's Restricted Stock Unit program?
I am preparing for the JEE 2016. I am able to solve problems in chemistry and physics but I am facing a lot of problem in solving maths sums. How can I excel in math?
If I have two Facebook tabs open at once and a chat window with the same person in each, and type some text in one and then go to the other tab and start typing, will the other user see that I am typing or that I have entered text?
How could Prime Minister Modi implement the ban on 500 and 1000 notes without the parliament\u2019s approval?
Which are some of the celebrities and famous personalities on Quora as of 2016?
What's the best field to build and sell a business in?
How can we run unsafe code and WinForms project in DotNetFiddle?
What are some hacks and tips for booking super cheap flights?
How should i study in classes 11th and 12th and what should i focus on?
How does a unitary, confederal, and a federal system of government differ?
On login in SBI online it says \"session expired\", and I have to login a second time, which works. Do you have an idea why this happens several times?
What is the motivation for western raised young men (and women) from Canada and the US to go overseas to join the ISIS conflict? Are they being tracked by our governments?
Is there a considerable difference between an M.Tech. from an IIT and an M.S. from a foreign university in terms of quality of education and placement (salary, lifestyle, and savings) for CSE?
I'm an undergraduate from one of the old IITs and don't want to work for core. What all other career options do I have?
How long would it take lemon juice to cause permanent damage to my skin and muscles, if I were to keep my hand in it?
Would it be better if we had voluntary muscles in the stomach and involuntary muscles in the legs?
At what age do men and women (or boys and girls) get married in India?
In Kirik Party there is a beautiful Krishna and Radha BGM song. What is the name of the song?
What are all the companies Peter Diamandis started, and what are all their outcomes?
If Quora is supposed to represent freedom and intelligent thought, then why does it censor questions and comments so much?
I have two options to do my research in PhD, Virtual reality and Flexible display. Which one should I go for?
If I haven't smoked weed in a long time and smoked 1 day, how long will it be in my urine?
Can there be a review in the supreme Court of the same case and also a trial in the high Court?
What is it like flying from Bangkok to Manila and how are these touristic cities compared to Baku?
What is the worst case time, best case and average case time complexity of a search in a hash table?
How did General Grievous become a cyborg and receive his training?
If somebody who is failure .i don't know any thing in and I'm living in apoor country what I should do?
What is the Proclamation of Neutrality and why did George Washington issue this?
Why are there 7 deadly sins and 9 rings of hell?
What is the connection between the popular vote and the electoral vote? Why does it matter that we vote at all?
I am a 36 year old male and have boobs. Should I wear a bra?
Which service under the UPSC provides a job with a uniform? Only IPS and IRS (C&CE), or is there any other as well?
What is Pradhan Mantri Fasal Bima Yojna (PMFBY) and how it is different from previous National Agricultural Insurance Scheme (NAIS)?
What modern language is most similar and generically related with the ancient Egyptian language?
How do you make a GIF loop and what are some examples?
What is it like working with a person whom you had interviewed and not recommended but they end up getting the offer?
What does a BS in biology and a minor in computer science lead to?
If you could develop a website or an app of your own that you always wanted to visit and include the best features you like into it, what kind of website would it be? And what kind of features would you have in it?
Can a Gemini be ever happy and stable in a relationship?
What's the difference between the embed and iframe elements in HTML?
How could ugly people have survived and passed their gene on if evolution is true?
What is the crime rate in the Borough of Ealing and how does it compare to Bexley?
How do social networking websites like Facebook and Twitter \"verify\" celebrity pages/accounts?
I am a 19 year old student I give children tuition for 6 children and I have saved 207000 in cash for last 3 years will I be taxed?
Is Donald Trump's hair real and what about his skin color?
What are the other bank exams such as SBI PO and IBPS? How should I prepare for all of these exams?
Why do I get bored of something after a few weeks and the initial challenge is over?
Does God let Innocent and Good beings to die and suffer?
Which drugs does the DEA look out for and how do they prioritise them?
What is the difference between a project manager and a department director in a small company?
At what speed would a man weighing 635 kg and being 1.73 m tall be able to run on water?
I want to build a GPS tracking system. How do I fetch the latitude and longitude data of a GPS device from a satellite? Is there any API for this?
Why do many Indians wrongfully claim that india existed before 1947 and Nepal was a part of that pre-1947?
Faith: Why do indians think that killing Bugs and small insects is inhuman?
Where does radiant energy come from, and how does it origin differ from that of motion energy?
What is the difference between gross, net and share of a movie collection?
What subject should I study and prepare for to become a space engineer and a space scientist?
What are the limits and abilities of PACs and Super PACs?
Where is the Baraka River located, and how does it compare to the Seine?
Why must nail polish always be stored and sold in glass vials instead of containers made of other materials?
What things do Americans miss most while traveling abroad - and take for granted while at home?
What is the function of preset and reset in JK flip flop?
Vu tv made in which country and how is its service after sale in india?
What are some English movies that are about business and economics (like The Social Network, Steve Jobs, The Big Short etc.)?
Can we definitively state that there is a higher education bubble, and if so, should we expect it to burst?
Why is pig skin wasted and not all made into leather?
Why is phlegm called \"phlegm\" when it is in the throat, and \"mucus\" when in the nose? And why does phlegm stay in the throat and not get swallowed into the stomach?
What will happen to the border between Northern Ireland and Ireland following the Brexit vote?
You can arm your army, Air Force and navy with only one ground vehicle, one jet, one ship type and helicopter(in large numbers). What do you choose?
Why isn't this girl initiating text and why hasn't she replied for a few days?
What are the cheap and best places to live in Bangalore?
Why do many gay men marry women and have kids, while secretly wanting to pound men?
Sometimes I feel like leaving everything and everyone forever, and going somewhere very far and doing something worthy from scratch. What should I do?
Why is my answer collapsed and my appeal rejected with no further appeal allowed?
What are the advantages programmatically and mathematically to DNA being a base 4 code system? Copying accuracy?
How were the Dutch East India Trading company and the British East India company similar?
When do you let go of inhibitions and have sex with a co-worker even though it's a bad idea?
Which browser for Windows gives a more smooth and non-stop surf experience? Chrome, Firefox, UC or Edge?
Sometimes on the verge of sleep, I hear an abrasive, high-pitched ringing in my ears and my body feels like it is vibrating from the inside. Anyone relate to this or have any theories as to what's happening?
What are the minimum GPA and  GRE requirements of Florida State University?
Your girlfriend/wife refused to have an abortion, so you leave and she raises the child. How do you feel about being a deadbeat dad?
Can I eat at Panera's Bread everyday and maintain good health?
How do I figure out what shutter speed and aperture to use in the day and in the night?
What is the history of the Law and Order SVU opening?
I was working on a task for last 10 days, now that I have simplified my task and talked my senior about this. I and my senior both believe that if the senior do the task he can finish it in 3-4 hours as he has experience of such thing while how much time I could take I am not sure. Shall I talk my boss about this and tell him that please let him do  this task for 4-5 hours or a day? as I have already spent more time on  this. my senior is confident that he can do it in 3-4 hours.
What is the peace sign in Australia, and how did it came to be the peace symbol?
What are the best places to visit and things to do in San Diego, CA?
What is the purpose of using content hosting services to handle images and videos, when you can simply use a Onedrive or similar and cut the costs?
My ex-girlfriend says she regrets cheating on me and wants to make amends. What should I do?
What is the business model for a site like 365dayscoupons.com and how do they monetize the efforts of their coupon clippers/bloggers?
How can I learn to code easily and efficiently in a short amount of time?
Why are a snake and a bowl a symbol of pharmacy?
Which test series is better, VisionIAS or Vajiram and Ravi, for UPSC CSE prelims and GS mains?
Why do we look different in the mirror and photos? And how can we make both look similar?
I'm in New York and my Internet seems slower. Could the cause be the upcoming Presidential Debate and my cable company can't handle the bandwidth?
Will the progeny of a person with blue eyes and one with brown eyes always have brown eyes?
What is the difference between Google Adwords and Facebook Ads? Which one helps to find what we exactly want?
What is the best way to improve my reasoning and quantitative abilities?
What is the difference between a probability density function and a cumulative distribution function?
What are the five factors of production and what are some examples?
Which one of Step Up OR Step Down transformer is used at power stations and which one is used at local level to provide current to homes?
An isoceles trapezium is inscribed in a circle of sides 18 cm and 32 cm,what is the radius of the circle?
Can some animals (like cats and dogs) sense paranormal activity (like spirits)?
Who are some lesser known important historical figures of Somalia and what should people know about them?
What are easy to use and free programs to make a company video ?
How did the chemistry students, teachers and readers memorize what was needed for high grades?
Why do our children who once viewed us in a positive light suddenly think of us like villains and refuse to even consider us as people who will always want the best for them? Are parents overrated?
A right angled triangle has perimeter 40 m and area 60 m. Find the lengths of the sides of the triangle.?
I try to learn new words every day. But sometimes I don't understand their meanings, forget them sometime later and make grammar mistakes while using them in a sentence. What are practical solutions?
How do modern buildings relate to Greek architecture, and are there any modern buildings that resemble ancient Greek constructions?
How does Facebook compress pictures and what is the JPEG compression quality value?
What mathematical symbol can be put between 5 and 9 to get a number bigger than 5 and smaller than 9?
How can I find a good and cheap hotel in Goa?
What is the actual difference between f/1.8 and f/2.2 apertures in camera lenses?
Which is a suitable inpatient drug and alcohol rehab center near Marshall County IA?
Where can I get best quality and affordable cakes, cookies and cupcakes in Gold Coast?
What does this mean passport Police Verification has been initiated and a request has been sent to SP Office, District South Delhi.?
I get chest pain now when I breath in and stretch my arms back at the same time, what's happening?
What could the United States do to appear strong and gain greater respect from countries like China, Russia, or Iran?
How do you explain getters and setters in Java to a beginner?
What social initiatives has corporate India taken to eradicate poverty and uplift status of life in the country?
What is the difference between .deb and .rpm from a user\u2019s point of view?
What is the use of an Rs 100 and an Rs 500 stamp paper?
Why is the Earth rotating and will it remain doing so \"forever\"?
Can a person after clearing the JEE Main with just cutoff marks still crack Advanced and be in an IIT? Have you heard of such cases?
Are there Quorans who ask a question and answer it themselves?
What is done with retired dogs and horses in the Indian Army?
What is the difference between the vice president and executive vice president?
Are there any stars that are big enough to eventually go Nova and close enough to Earth to wipe out all life here in such a case?
I often hear someone say 'that is fine with me' and others say 'that is fine for me', do they have the same meanings?
What are the most interesting products and innovations that Frank's International is coming out with in 2016?
Why do some people care less about the truth and care more about saying something?
Is there any Chrome extension to copy more than one value from (excel)Google spreadsheet and paste one value each in html input box elements?
What happens if I mix brown and red hair dyes together?
Which countries have the track records of invading Philippines and comiting atrocities against the Philippine people in the past 200 years?
How to overcome frequent Application error 0xc000007b ever since i upgraded and later clean installed windows 10 on my tablet acer iconia w3 810?
Why does the US need Freddie Mac and Fannie Mae to exist as semi-governmental institutions?
How do you call a destructor inside another destructor, and does it do what it should do?
I am joining family business as an accountant and have done B.com. What knowledge or training should I have with me?
My life is ruined. Nobody likes me and everybody mocks me. What should I do? Ignoring is not an option.
How do I prepare UPSC exam and what is the syllabus of UPSC exam?
Why does US, Saudi Arabia and China support Pakistan instead of India?
Solutions which helps pakistan and india in signing in non nuclear proliferation treaty?
I'd really like to get into stocks and shares but I am unsure where to begin. Where do I start?
Do games like lumosity and peak and elevate actually train your brain?
How can you be a doctor and programmer at the same time?
Can anybody help me with Compare and contrast Haroun and Rashid character from story Haroun and the Sea of stories?
Have you noticed that Abraham and his wife Sarah of the Christianity and Islam are nearly identical in name to Brahma and his wife Saraswati of Hindu?
What is the story of Adam, Eve, and the forbidden fruit?
Why is there a gay and lesbian film category on Netflix?
What would happen if we drill a hole right through the earth and a person jumps in it? Will he/she float around the core of the earth?
What is the difference between a 4th gen and a 5th gen Apple MacBook?
Do you ever regret joining merchant navy and would you encourage your son to join it?
Which countries do you automatically get a passport and citizenship if you are born there (regardless of nationality of child's parents)?
What would happen if a child had type a blood and it's mother had type b. They are not compatible. Would the fetus abort?
I am preparing for the 2015 CAT and I am very weak in quants. How can I improve my QA score?
How does it feel when one of your patients pass away and you couldn't do anything about it because he was terminally ill?
Why we draw velocity triangles when there is a relative velocity and how to draw it or what is the procedure followed?
What are some notable things that you discovered and later found out that it has already been discovered?
My gf broke up with me because she is sad all the time in this relationship and wants to lead a happy life. What are the chances of her missing me?
How likely is it that Johnson and Stein will be on the debate stage with Trump and Clinton?
What are dark matter and dark energy and do they make the empty space?
Which are the major highways in California and how are they compared to the major highways in Oklahoma?
What keeps childern active and far from phone and video games?
If I change my WhatsApp no. using the change number function, will all the chats and groups associated with the old no. also be deleted?
Who are some lesser known important historical figures of Moldova and what should people know about them?
Which one you vote for, and why?  1.Choose your partner, love her/him, then get married. 2. Eventually love someone and get married. 3. Let your parents decide your life partner, marry them, and fall in love.
In my kids' schools, teachers identify children they believe may be gifted. Those children are given a test and depending on their score, are officially labeled as gifted. What do you think of these tests?
I wish to gift my brother a nice cologne or Eau de Toilette, and I need to get it ASAP. What is a good one?
How do I live in the present and enjoy the moment?
What are the subplots in Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone?
What are prons and cons of banning and replacing  rupee 500 and  rupee 1000 Notes in India?
What does the word ostrobogulous mean, and how can it be used in a sentence?
Would I be a good applicant for the top tier universities if I have good extra-curricular activities and exam scores (like SAT), but have average school grades?
Why doesn't octave read images and instead show an error message \u201cmagick ping\u201d?
Why did Mr Weasley ask how bus stops work to Mr and Mrs. Granger in Chamber of Secrets?
Why did Tamil Nadu refused Hindi to accept and didn't made as part of their school curriculum?
In Harry Potter, how did Fred and George know the exact words to use on Marauder's map?
Which is a good inpatient drug and alcohol rehab center near Madison County GA?
What are the most interesting products and innovations that Commerce Bank is coming out with in 2016?
Why do some people fall in love easily and some don't, specifically girls?
What is the difference between a GDS and PSS in terms of Airline systems?
What will be the implications of banning 500 and 1000 rupees currency notes on Indian economy?
Which is the best book for Data Structures and Algorithms through C++?
What does \"seeds\" and \"peers\" on \u00b5Torrent and Popcorn Time mean, and what do they do?
Which is a good inpatient drug and alcohol rehab center in Monona County IA?
Is there an app where you can find new people and chat with them using your web cam?
What is the witching hour in occult belief, and why is it at 3 AM? How does it compare to the Devil's hour?
What is the soul, and what does a soul consist of?
What's the point of one company acquiring another when both have the same investors and both continue to operate in isolation even after the merger?
What would the conversation be like if Rahul Gandhi, Narendra Modi and Arvind Kejriwal decided to meet over drinks?
Do criminals like Salman Khan, Ankit Tiwari, Sooraj Pancholi and his father deserve your respect?
What are the pros and cons of a career in education?
A card is drawn from a pack of cards. It's replaced, the pack is shuffled and another card is drawn. What is the probability that either card was an ace? What is the probability that either card was not an ace?
I am a sophomore in High school in Virginia and I love engineering and want to go to MIT. Are there any steps I should take to prepare?
How will the ban on Rs. 1000 and Rs. 500 notes impact Indian economy?
If I drink wednesday and have an etg test monday will I pass?
What are the differences between moles and freckles? How can you tell which you have?
I was drunk last night with my friend and now my boyfriend is not talking to me. How shall I convince him?
How would you apply the 3 major sociological perspectives (functionalism, conflict, and interactionism) to analyze the issue of social networking sites?
Recommendation Systems: How do I get the source code and dataset of collaborative filtering techniques using similarity (correlation-based/cosine based) computation between users and prediction (aggregation) formula's implemented either in Matlab or Python or PHP or R Language?
What is the difference between a factory and service in AngularJS?
How can I have a flat belly? What do you have to eat and not to eat to lose belly fat?
What is the shortest period of time between founding and IPO for a successful IPO/company?
How do I prepare for city level, TIMES NIE think and learn challenge, Ahmedabad?
While writing out the cores to make parsing table for SLR(1) and CLR(1) grammar, why do we write lookaheads for only CLR?
I was born in a home and my birth is not registered in any municipal office and I am 18 now. How can I get my birth certificate?
Why are people from all over Africa coming to Europe and not only refugees from Syria?
I have an old instagram account but I dont know the password or the email I used for it, and its not linked with my Facebook account. how do I delete it?
Why hasn't a computer operating system (and app) been created so that the user can save to multiple drives at once and see the drive the file has been saved to, rather than just the title of the file?
Is it worth it to put in the time and effort to become really fit?
Why did Pakistan ignored Jinnah's views and became Islamic Republic after partition?
If you could take one alien species from Star Wars and put them into Star Trek, which one would it be and why?
How can I illustrate this street art in photoshop and using wacom tablet? Should I have some brushes? Or there are tricks?
What is a polyatomic ion and what functions do they serve?
Why does Sin correspond to the y coordinate, and why does Cosine correspond to the x coordinate?
What are the differences between \u201crelation\u201d and \u201crelationship\u201d in English grammar?
How much were the original actors in Star Wars paid and how much were they paid for the latest film?
What will be the most effective and best way to prepare for IELTS?
New company H1b transfer is denied. But working for previous employer without break and getting paid. Can I continue working or am I out of status?
I have been placed in three companies which include TCS, MINDTREE and a US based company. Which one should I join?
I have an education loan from an Indian government bank which I will be able to close next month. What is the closure process and the documents which I may have to provide, as well as the documents which I should take from the bank?
What lessons did you learn from life and from experiences belonging to you or your siblings/friends/relatives?
How long after her husband's death could a Victorian widow remarry, and would children from previous marriages have any part in the ceremony?
How do I render a video for youtube if I shoot half as 1080p and half 720p, do I choose to render as 1080p or 720p?
How is M1 used in economics and what are some examples?
What is the difference between bill discount and bill purchase schemes adopted by banks?
How can I get fit when I am a smoker and want to get into the police force?
What do US-American musicians and music producers think about K-pop and J-pop?
What is your purpose of life and How you found it?
If you are a non-resident US citizen but a resident of Italy for the past 30 years, and want to sell stock from a US company in the US, do you have to pay taxes in the US or Italy?
If a person bugs by insulting curses in Facebook and insults a celebrity in posts by personal attack can I lodge complain to the police against him?
Is there a solution to issues like frequent restarts, hangs and app crashes after the cyanogen 12.1 update for YU yureka?
How do I behave well in society and turn attention towards to me?
What natural resources does the Canadian shield have, and how do they differ from other geologic shields?
Is there a way to shrink a few inches, I am 6'2 and even if I went down an inch I would be happy?
I am coming to meet my girlfriend who lives in Delhi and we are planning to stay overnight in some hotel. How do I get some good hotels?
How do we stop \u201cvandalism\u201d and \u201cedit war\u201d on religious articles in Wikipedia?
I re-added a friend which I unblocked on Snapchat and he is on my friends list but I still can't view his Snapchat. Why?
I'm a five-teen year old female, and 5'8 (1,73.5) how can grow taller naturally?
Let me have a list of Hindustani ragas and wich feel contains it?
Is there any foul play by Mulayam Singh, Arvind Kejriwal and Mayawati to mock Modi for demonetizing currency notes?
What are the biggest cultural differences and similarities between Taiwan and China?
What purpose does a head serve, and what are the advantages over having the brain and sensory organs in the body?
What is a good inpatient drug and alcohol rehab center near Fayette County IN?
What are some of the advantages and disadvantages of laser technology?
With the US equity markets at all time highs, stocks incredibly overvalued, great volatility being experienced this year and an interest rate increase lurking around the corner, should I exit my correlated mutual funds taking profits now/soon while I can and switch to cash/other investments?
With 92.8 percent in CBSE and 117 in JEE mains approximately which NITs and what branches can I expect?
What are the most interesting products and innovations that Banner is coming out with in 2016?
What are the advantages and disadvantages of living in the city?
What is the most precise way to draw support and resistance lines for forex trading?
Which countries have nuclear weapons and where do they have them?
What should I learn that will help me do better ,I am 40 years old and I have an internet connection at my office?
What does it mean to seek truth and why is it so important?
What could be some causes of pins and needles in my left shoulder?
What is the difference between content management and enterprise content management?
What arguments would you put in favor and in against the policy of reservation in India?
What things do Chinese love about China, and what things do they dislike about China?
Because of their tax regimes is Amazon, Apple, and Google morally bankrupt?
Outline and explain the structure and role of the marketing department?
Imagine you're on public transport and you're in a seat. A pregnant woman, a disabled man and a third age woman enter. Who would you give the seat to?
What are some practical alternatives to monoculture, and how should they be promoted?
What is the difference between closed center and open center hydraulics?
What is the difference between file storage, block storage and object storage? What is the architecture of storage systems in each case? How is the data retrieved in each case?
Can I change my direction and still have a constant velocity?
What is the strongest steel and what is it used for?
Love, an awful tale. One that has been and one that has yet to be. What should I do and how do I approach it?
How does art influence feelings and make an impact on on the personality itself?
How much do I have to spend to buy a fake experience certificate and pay slips of software companies in Bangalore, Hyderabad or Pune?
What is the difference between a 3 cylinder and a 4 cylinder? Which one has more life and power?
Why did many PayPal mafia go out and start different companies if they were so close at PayPal?
In a life or death situation, will my dog be less likely to bark and make an attempt to save my life if I constantly abuse it?
Are the SKY-HIGH rates of Cancer, Dementia and Autism from all the Pharmaceuticals that 60 percent of the Western World takes?
If natural selection in humans has essentially ceased seeing society generally provides for less fortunate or genetically disadvantaged individuals to live full lives and procreate, does that mean that evolution in humans has effectively stopped or at least slowed dramatically?
I have a product idea and preliminary design. I need funds to optimize the design and build a functional prototype. What crowdfunding platform is best suited for this kind of project?
What does the KWL reading method mean and PQRST reading method mean? Please give examples on both each by reading and studying by a college textbook.
What are the major blogs/websites in Germany to rate and review iPhone & Android apps?
Should companies address consumers complaints and criticisms on Quora instead of Twitter?
Why is almost no one talking about the tensions between the US and Russia, and how dire is the situation, anyway?
How much is the minimum wage in Chile and how much does it take to live well in Santiago?
What are the advantages and disadvantages of having a free market?
What is the best way and database to store long articles and reference them by words?
What happens when we keep sleep() in a process and relation with scheduler?
Why do Indian Police use Toyota Innova and not cars made by Tata, which is an Indian brand?
What is the difference between AC power and the other one (forgot name)? Is one better than the other?
Where can I find an authentic and accurate Tamil Nadi astrologer?
What animals in the United States are endangered, and what are they doing to protect them?
Since Hillary Clinton is, considered by some, an alleged liar and a purportedly wicked woman, why do so many people like her?
What are the monthly user growths of Instagram, Vine, and Snapchat from launch to now?
Is it possible to clone Hitler and try him for war crimes?
What is the history of the Glassboro train station, and how does it compare to Bassendean?
What would a war between the EU and Russia look like?
How did they test early parachutes for skydiving, and how many did they need before getting it right?
Why is it always sales & marketing and not marketing & sales when marketing comes first to sales?
Does The date September 11, 2001 have any significance to Osama bin Laden and or the radicals or was it a completely random day they picked?
If the US Government suspended the Constitution and sent out the military to collect all firearms, would it be moral for the citizens to resist?
Which institute in Ahmedabad is better for the CAT and GMAT coaching, Time or Endeavor?
What is the best way to save, store and organize digital photos?
What are the strongest majors in terms of job prospects and what are the weakest majors at Mercer University?
What are three guns you would personally use and recommend in the event of a zombie apocalypse?
Can TP-Link TL-WN822N be used for packet sniffing and packet injection in Kali Linux?
Should I go for an MBA after working for 3 years in TCS from a good college and take on a huge loan, or continue working a low paying job with a less stressful life? I am not sure if giving up my job and taking loan would be a good decision as I come from a middle class home. I am 24 now.
Where can I hire most professional and dependable electrician in Sydney?
How does one distinguish between the Rococo and Baroque styles in architecture?
What would the child of an Asian mom and a black/white dad look like?
Why are Stephen Curry and Klay Thompson called the Splash Brothers?
How do I prove to my parents that I can be independent and responsible for my life? I am 21 and still living with them and still studying though. Will be working in 2 years time if all goes smoothly.
Where can I get different fabric types, and printer options on lanyards in Melbourne?
What should I do if I\u2019m an electronics engineer and want to start my career at an IT firm?
Who are some lesser known important historical figures of Cambodia and what should people know about them?
Do you find that woocommerce becomes slower than magento after many orders and products have built up in the database?
Is it safe to use melatonin and diphenhydramine together to sleep?
Why is there a need for a stock broker? Wouldn't the stock exchanges want to manage the buying and selling, hence profiting from it (commissions) instead of going through a broker?
What was the production of artwork intended for in Hawaii and how is it compared to the one intended for in Missouri?
I'm in my 30s, I have severe clinical depression, and I feel alone. What should I do?
How and where do I propose/share or publish my research ideas so as to gain some commercial feasibility from it, and how can I ensure the rights to that specific idea are vested in me?
What are the pros and cons of olympic lifting and powerlifting, and can an athlete train for both simultaneously?
When there's a conflict between a state's constitution and the U.S. constitution, should the U.S. Constitution always take precedence?
I lied to my Girlfriend, but only to stop her from worrying, now she is breaking up with me and I do not know what to do as she will not speak to me
Is it really possible to distinguish Chinese, Japanese and Korean people based only on facial features?
What would happen if both Donald Trump and Mike Pence were assassinated before the election?
How can I make my E-commerce website and where should I start?
What are the latest technologies and developments in the IT field?
How will the ban of Rs 500 and Rs 1000 notes affect different classes of people?
Is it possible to ask a question and also answer to the same in Quora?
Which is best between Adfly, Bitly, Google, Link Bucks and Tiny URL? And how do these make money?
What are the pros and cons of banning and replacing  rupee 500 and  rupee 1000 notes in India?
I know there are 2 types of patents: Utility Patents and Design Patents. Which category does the cure for a disease fall under?
If a car pulls up next to a police cruiser in traffic, and everyone is staring at the cop, what will the officer do?
How much is the United States in debt and has it gone up greatly during the Obama administration?
How do I survive with a few mental illnesses if I still live with my parent and don't Want my family to know what I'm struggling with ?
If I do B Tech first year from Manipal University and also prepare for mains can I get addmision in a govt. university in 2nd year?
In IT Industry what should be the monthly take home salary and annual package of a Java Techie having an experience of 8 years and 2 Months in India?
I wish to go for a week long vacation in the next month, my Options are Sri Lanka and Jordan, which destination do you think is better?
What's the difference between profit and loss account and profit and loss appropriation account?
What are the pros and cons of living in Seattle, WA?
Who are some lesser known important historical figures of France and what should people know about them?
What are the major organs of the skeletal system and what functions do they serve?
What is the difference between pound and quid when it comes to British currency?
Which is a suitable inpatient drug and alcohol rehab center near Putnam County IN?
Can I code a website and then use Weebly to host the code?
I am more than halfway through 11th in CBSE and I have lost interest in my JEE preparation. What should I do?
What are the advantages and disadvantages of Khan's Academy over MIT OCW?
Where can I get dedicated interior and exterior painting services in Sydney?
What is a Central Processing Unit (CPU) and Random Access Memory (RAM)?
What is the name commonly given to the political and social movement that swept Quebec Society in the beginning of the 1960s?
I was seeing this guy for just over a month, and now he suddenly just wants to be friends. Was the sex bad or something?
What happens to all the money and gold people donate to temples in India?
What is the best basic DSLR camera and lens to buy for the beginners?
What are the most interesting products and innovations that Progressive is coming out with in 2016?
What are the strengths and weaknesses of Monkey King in Dota 2?
How can I install Windows 8.1 on pre-installed  laptop that comes with Ubuntu and remove Ubuntu after installing Windows 8.1?
I feel like my face is terrible because of scars and fine lines. Is there any way to fix this?
Five every day problems that bother you and how do you resolve them?
What are the best writings/books on the psychology and personality traits of dictators?
Is Iraq worse or better now than it was under Saddam Hussein? How would Iraq, and US, be different if US never invaded Iraq? How?
I applied for a passport and paid through netbanking. The money was deducted and the transaction successful, but payment status was still pending. Will it get rectified?
How will the porn industry change with technologies like the hologram, and other techs in the future? Is anyone having other predictions of changes?
MLconf 2015 Atlanta: What is Loop AI Labs\u2019 cognitive computing platform and how does it improve on the fidelity of already existing platforms?
How can anxiety cause you to be stressed and unstressed very quickly? How damaging is the medication for this condition?
I am working in an it company from past 2year, and I want to leave it desperately, some suggestions, what should I go for?
What is the limit of x*sin x and x*sin (1/x) as x approaches 0?
What is the difference between a Bayesian network and an artificial neural network?
I always hear smart people saying... In order to excel, you should do something creative, unique, and out of the box work. I wonder how does one get such ideas or concepts. I understand there must be some dots to connect to create some meaning. But how does one gets those dots?
Where can I find a good and inexpensive orthodontist in Mumbai?
What is the difference between \"\u53c8\u4e00\" (y\u00f2u y\u012b) and \"\u53e6\u4e00\" (l\u00ecng y\u012b)?
What would you think if your fianc\u00e9 went to Hooters with 8 other colleagues and didn't even mention it until you caught it via a text on his phone telling each other what time they'd meet?
From my experience with green tea I almost throw up tasting it. I want to speed up my metabolism and heard a good way to do it is by drinking green tea. How do I drink green tea without getting that throw up feeling?
Between Robert De Niro and Al Pacino, who is more successful?
If you could meet any other Quoran and hang out with them for a day, who would you meet?
How is the conflict between Catholic and Protestant in Ireland caused?
How can I prepare for CMI and ISI 2019 entrance tests?
On meditation pran energy starts emerging out along with emotions and ashanas. Is there anyway to transform emotions to ashanas during this process ?
Creative business ideas to sell that are improved (that I can improved and are still not yet improved0 or dont exist on earth?
With the rampant racism in both the Southern and Northern states, how did the 14th Amendment to the US Constitution ever pass?
Where can I find solutions for \"Computer Organization and Design: The Hardware/Software Interface 3rd ed\"?
I am 28 years old. recently my gf broke up and got engaged.What should I do?
I sent 4 messages to the same person and only the 2nd message show the blue ticks in WhatsApp. Why?
My hair is naturally ash blonde and I dyed it dark red and don't like it what can I do?
What would the world be like if people had more sex than usual and overall sexuality was more tolerated and accepted and was \"practically\" mandatory?
What is the difference between a function call and a system call in an operating system?
I was rejected in a software developer interview and one feedback was \"No agile experience\". What does that mean?
Some claim that lord Sriram did consume meat and alcohol. Is it mentioned in original valmiki ramayana?
Sometimes I cry and cry and I can't stop myself or calm myself down. I'll cry for hours and the littlest thing will set me off again. What's wrong with me?
I have a Samsung Galaxy Note 2 phone. My WhatsApp and Viber are working only on Wi-Fi but not on 3G. How do I solve this?
What are other nationalities and countries known for in your country?
Are spacetime, superfluid dark matter and Laughlin's 'stuff' all the same thing?
What is the regular expression for a language that accepts words that start and end with the same letter and do not contain triple letters L= {a, b}?
What are some examples of proverbs and sayings in Hindi that are frequently used in conversation?
What are the major stereotypes people have about Chad and to what extent are they true?
How can I get rid of all this like back black neck and other parts on my skin, is there any liquid, soap or something?
What are the best web pages to learn about stocks and shares for the beginners?
What is among the most overrated and hyped thing in India?
Mailing's cat ___1) has been 2) had been 3) will be 4) was missing for three days. She is extremely sad and worried. Which one of the four answers is the correct one?
I am a freshman in college. I wanted to know if I can retake the ACT right now and of I do better, will my new ACT score be considered by colleges if I decide to transfer?
If you were to choose a leader between Adolf Hitler and Joseph Stalin, which would you choose?
Which book should I refer for section and junior engineer (mechanical) railway exam 2016?
Which is a good inpatient drug and alcohol rehab center near Monroe County KY?
How can I know if I'm a jerk and how can I be less of a jerk?
What is the best online free course to learn UX and UI design for a beginner?
What is the best infrastructure and app monitoring tool or toolset?
What are the causes of hair loss and how to prevent it?
Where do I find a ball and socket joint and knuckle joint in Rani Gunj, Secunderabad?
A girl I dated twice is using Tinder and messaging other men. Is it a red flag for our relationship?
In os.path.isabs I put a non existing directory and the result is True. Why?
What kind of economy does Switzerland have, and how is Austria's different?
How can I get rid of negative thoughts and to improve my self confidence?
I want to earn money from Google Adsense and Affiliate Marketing. Should I build a blogging website or a Coupon website?
Can I buy gold in one country and sell it in another?
What is the minimum qualification and experience required to give GMAT?
Java (programming language): What are some recommended books, and online resources for learning Java for beginner, intermediate, and advanced programmers?
Why do the winnings on Draft Kings and Fan Duel fluctuate.One minute it shows you're winning  dollar 1,000 and then five minutes later it drops to  dollar 300. I don't play the tournaments against other players.?
Why can't the Sun and the Moon come at the same time?
Why does my phone compass point North in the morning hours and another in the evening hours. Same location?
What are the different phases of mitosis and how are they all carried out?
What are the strongest majors in terms of job prospects and what are the weakest majors at East Tennessee State?
How can I begin to learn programming and develop confidence as a programmer?
In quantum mechanics are nonlocality and probability directly related in the wavefunction?
How do women who have married much older men (>10 years) feel and think about their lives and husbands? Do they regret the marriage or wish they had married a younger man? Why did they select the older man?
Why is light blue called light blue and yet light red is called pink?
I have Seagate 1TB external hard disk. Few days before it fell from 1ft height and stopped working. It is not getting detected in my laptop. How do I recover data from it?
What skills can I develop to be able to travel and make money while traveling to sustain my trip?
Epics of India: Is Devi Shakti (Durga/Kali) stronger than Shiva and Vishnu? If not, then why was she able to kill those demons who had defeated the powers of Lord Shiva and Lord Vishnu?
Did you dislike Harry Potter and the Cursed Child too, or was it just me?
What is the main difference between something that burns (that catches fire (like wood)) and something that doesn't burn (that changes colour and/or melts (like metal))?
What is the nearest airport to Daytona Beach, and how do this cities tourist attractions compare to Jackson's?
What does Twitter need to do to restart growth and reactivate its massive dormant user base?
What is the difference between service tax and service charges levied on customers during billing at restaurants?
Will the 13 inch Macbook pro with retina display (2015) and i5 processor, 8gb Ram be enough to edit 4k videos on Final Cut Pro X?
What are the strongest majors in terms of job prospects and what are the weakest majors at Eastern Michigan University?
What were the major effects of the cambodia earthquake, and how do these effects compare to the Tohoku earthquake in 2011?
I forgot my SBI online banking details both username and password and don't have the number that I registered for OTP. How do I get them?
Who are some lesser known important historical figures of Slovenia and what should people know about them?
What are the main differences between a bachelor's and a graduate degree in forestry in terms of career prospects?
Who are some lesser known important historical figures of India and what should people know about them?
Is there a way to reliably transfer my WhatsApp messages and media from Android to windows?
What elements of OO design are most prone to abuse and misuse? What are some ways to prevent these mishaps?
What are linking verbs and helping verbs? What are some examples?
What is a good inpatient drug and alcohol rehab center near Jones County IA?
Do you think PM Modi is afraid of attending the parliament and answering harsh questions after taking such an unplanned move?
How do I treat arthritis that comes with persistent fever and sore throat? (It's in the wrists, knees and ankles along with other non-joint areas)
What is the difference between the white ball and the red ball in cricket?
What did you major in and what are you doing today?
I ditched my old friends to hang-out with a new friend and i ended up being ditched by him. is this my fault ?
Is it true that Doctor Who's viewership and fandom has been in decline since Calpadi's run?
How can I get branded clothes and shoes in cheap prices in Delhi?
What is the advantages and disadvantages of using struct in C?
Can any bars be replaced in place of dampers and springs in vehicle suspension so they can absorb the shocks from roads?
What are all the states of matter and what are examples of all?
I'm in love with a ghost and she loves me too. What should I do?
What does it mean if a girl looks away and touches her hair every time she sees you?
What are the most common traffic convictions in Arkansas, and how does the severity of the convictions differ in Colorado?
What are the legal separation laws in PA and how do they compare with the ones in Arizona?
How can I download a video from YouTube and then upload it on my channel without worrying about copyright?
If you had a indestructible pole one light year long, and an engine to turn it at one revolution per second, would the ends travel faster than light?
How Declaration of Independence relates to Nickel and Dimed. In other words clearly point out any connection between these two pieces of writing?
What are the best and worst Star Wars books and why?
What is the safest city and cleanest city in South Africa?
What's the body that governs sports in Japan, and its (email) contact point?
What are the similarities and differences between American and British elections?
How will withdrawal of rs 500 and rs 1000 notes will affect middle-man?
I've been craving other women and freedom from my relationship is that bad?
Find the answer - two trains 120m and 80m in length are running in opposite directions with velocities 42km/hour and 30 km/hour then at what time will they completely cross each other?
How are the Pokemon locations chosen and created in Pokemon GO?
How do I wake up early in the morning and stop procrastinating?
Why have Madras and Bombay been renamed as Chennai and Mumbai respectively?
What does a step up and step down gear box do?
How can someone in 70 staying at home, and not being able to drive, keep mentally and physically active at home? Knee pains, no specific hobbies, USA
How do I memorize various articles and sections of our constitution and that of CrPC?
What happens to large number of gold and money donated at Indian temples? To whom does that money and gold belongs? How are they utilised?
What is the force and the velocity of a human sneeze?
Per the birth chart, is anything good in my life? How will my married life and career be, can I make big business? (DOB: 01 Oct 89, 6.55 am, Mumbai.)
Did any WWII Kamikaze pilots lose their nerve and abort? What happened to them?
Can I buy an under  dollar 200 Les Paul shape guitar kit and upgrade it with high quality components?
Are extracurricular activities and grades the most important thing to an Ivy League college?
Why do people put old pets like dogs, cats and horses to sleep rather than allowing them to die naturally?
Which is a good inpatient drug and alcohol rehab center in Cassia County ID?
What's the reason that Russia is and has always been so poor, despite having the biggest amounts of natural resources in the world, being twice the size of the USA and having 2.5 times less population? What makes this country so miserable?
I\u2019m excelling at my job and I\u2019m still not getting promoted. What should I do?
What is the dramatic importance of the photo episode in Arms and the Man by George Bernard Shaw for 12 ISC English Literature?
The girl I like knows I like her. Sometimes she flirts with me, and sometimes she ignores me. Why does she do that?
What are the expected consequences of Declaring 500 and 1000 rupee notes as illegal?
I have been married almost 15 years. We have two children, 11 and 8. My childhood was horrible, seven years of sexual, physical, and mental/emotional abuse followed by instability and low self esteem issues as a teen. My husband met me after I began dealing with my childhood and knew all about my issues. He knew what would end our marriage, yet he did it and lied about it multiple times. I was pregnant and did not leave. We tried to make it work. We had another child. We have been through MANY \"situations\" in our marriage and as parents. For the past 6-8 years we have just been living as parents. Not lovers. In the past I tried everything to make our marriage work. I finally decided to be done with it. Now he says he loves me and wants to make it work. But he is manipulative and can be so mean. He uses my children to cause me pain and stress. He knows that they are the only reason I stay. We are in counciling, but I really have no \"love\" feelings for him. I told him I want a divorce, but he won't give me one. He has said he will make my life miserable until the 18 months of separation are up and divorce is granted. Any advice? I'm ready to run away...
Can international students join the US Army and get a green card (F1 visa)?
Smart People: What makes someone \"intelligent\"? and how can we qualify someone as intelligent?
Why am I losing body fat percentage and not weight on the scale?
How likely is it that Jill Stein and Gary Johnson will get into the debates?
Which Summer Olympic sport can you start late (say 25+) and still hope to win a medal (or at least do well)?
Which are some of the best arbitrage funds in India and what have their returns been over time?
If India wants to get more Gold Medals in the Olympics, then should it start a campaign for making any sport a compulsory subject in every school and those who perform extremely well should be trained hard to compete at the Olympic level?
What if Sherlock actlly died in s02e03 and Moriarty (somehow) survived and is now living as Sherlock?
What materials are used to make tarmac and how does it make it better than asphalt?
How important is to have a role model and did you have one in your life?
How healthy are Ruth Bader Ginsberg, Stephen Breyer, and Anthony Kennedy? Are they likely to make it another four years?
When are English-speakers going to start empathising with their children and foreigners and reform their messed up spelling system?
How do the holy scriptures of Hinduism compare and contrast to those of Sikhism?
What are Elizabeth II coins and how much are they worth?
What is unusual or different about the food and cuisine in Madagascar?
What is the difference between performance of DDR3 and GDDR5 graphics card? Which one is better: 2gb GDDR5 or 4gb DDR3?
What are the project management best tools and techniques for solo web designer/ developers?
What will happen from economic, political and administrative point of view if all the countries merge and the world becomes a single entity?
How can I hack a WhatsApp account and listen to voice messages?
What are the strongest majors in terms of job prospects and what are the weakest majors at the University of Nebraska at Omaha?
Could we create an inmortal and indestructible brain using bioengineering or similar?
How could one know if a country's government secretly printed a load of its own currency and put it into circulation via its national bank?
Life Advice: When I break up with anyone, I forget them with time. This, however, has led me to believe there's no true love, and it is always possible to move on. What should I do now when I'm unable to get into a new relationship because I know it can be broken in the future, and I wouldn't even care?
Which BI tool is best in regards of cost and functionality wise Adeptia or Qlik Sence?
Has there ever been, in all of history, any time and place where Jews were safe from persecution?
Should the Indian government look into the matter that every day, there is a terrorist attack in Jammu and Kashmir with greater concern than the petty dispute between the Tamil and Sri Lankan fishermen?
I have heard that Oregon is not the most diverse state and that people tend to discriminate more there against minorities, is this true?
I'm planning on creating an online clothing brand that caters to college students and has more of an 80's pop culture style to it?
Why does the Indian English media and large part of the Hindi media hate Modi?
Would it be bad for an 18 and 32 year old to date?
Why did liberal democracies flourish in North America and Europe more so than in other regions of the world?
I've been single for 2 months now and I've only hit on a few girls here and there. I like being single because of the responsibility but I feel like less than 10 with no numbers and just eye candy at school is not enough. What should I be doing more of?
What is the difference between a impact socket and a regular socket? What are some examples?
What are the non commercial uses of virtual private networks and one example of an organisation which utilizes it?
Why do I get gassy on my period and how can I avoid this condition?
What is a monarchy, and what are some countries ruled by it?
My AMCAT scores are 99.8 percentile in English and 93.4 in programming but my quant and logical reasoning scores are of 63 percent and 85 percent only. Should I look forward to interview calls?
What are five different types of maps and how are they used? What are their differences?
What are the similarities and the differences between Jainism and Buddhism?
What are the functions of the CU and ALU in the CPU of a computer?
What is the difference between ADFS and active directory domain controller?
What is your story when you called a hundred times and your lover didn't pick up?
Which are the best colleges for Bsc in DU and their expected cutoff for admission?
How can students classify about the universities as Safe, moderate and ambitious? In what aspect do they segregate? Pls throw some light on tis topic
I'm 15-years - old my voice is changing and I'm facing difficulty in singing. What should I do to sing in a soft voice?
What is Yahoo! Answers, and how does it differ from Quora?
Is today's educational system making people focus just on money, earning fields and making them afraid (of losing jobs, salary hikes, etc.) all their life? How can this be changed in the grassroots of education?
What predictions about Life and Career can be made from this D1 and D-9 Chart?
What is a good inpatient drug and alcohol rehab center near Washington County FL?
When has someone been condescending to you and what was your response?
Is there any connection between gravity and magnetic fields of force?
What are the best career choices for someone who likes reading, making people happy, and not just sitting in front of a computer the whole day?
In Mahabharata, why Arjuna could not counter Narayanastra shot by Ashwathama, Vaishnavastra and Nagastra shot by Karna? Arjuna did not have any answers for that?
What is the difference between editorial review and peer review? Why do academics only consider peer reviewed articles for hiring and tenure?
How does the Income Tax Department of India verify and process the millions of ITRs (income tax return) on every tax season?
Can you give me a brief explanation and some examples of how to use semi colons?
What is the best way to find and seduce a rich woman?
How do you change page content and URL without reloading the whole page?
I want to study a bachelor's degree abroad, but I have two choices, the USA and Lithuania. Which one should I choose, the better country or better university?
This girl that I love, she knows my feelings, but she just started to date another guy instead, and she isn't talking to me that much anymore, it's like she's upset/angry with me, why is she doing this?
Why so much emphasis on Illuminati and the New World Order?
What are the main differences between economy, business, and first class for each major international airline?
How to get offer from Ernst&young? Tax and Assurance, which is better?
What is the procedure of approaching a mutual fund directly and investing in them? How do I get a folio number? Can this be done online?
What is type casting in python and how we can do in python?
How widely accepted are credit cards at small businesses and restaurants in S\u00e3o Tom\u00e9 and Pr\u00edncipe?
When do experts predict ISIS will turn their attention to- and attack/terrorize Dubai and Abu Dhabi, two of the wealthiest and most 'westernized' places on the planet and just \"next door\"?
Is there a scientific reason for why a brother and sister shouldn't have sex?
What should you do when you feel helpless and hopeless for loved ones?
Logic Puzzles: You saw me where I never was and where I could not be And yet within that very place you often see me What am I?
How can non Tamil Nadu state students apply for Anna University and affiliated universities? What's the eligibility criteria?
Is the United States dollar strong or weak against the euro right now and how does this affect tourist travel?
For a centrifugal pump what is the relation ship between pressure and flow. What is the change in pressure with the respect to change in flow?
What is the difference between a prologue and an epilogue of a play in Drama?
What are the most interesting products and innovations that B&G Foods is coming out with in 2016?
Is there a difference between a BS and BA in economics? Which is better?
It is known that our enemy Pakistan has tactical nuclear weapons and missile: Nasr (60 KM). Does India have any tactical Nuclear Weapons? Can our Shaurya, Prahar, and Prithvi missile counter pakistan's Nasr?
Why does the score for Gladiator and Pirates of the Caribbean sound alike?
What is the difference between film and digital? Which is better?
If a student has failed in the CBSE board and repeats the class 12 from the Bihar Board, is he eligible for JEE?
My GPA is 2.9 , I took 163 hours and still have 31 hours is it possible to reach 3.0?
What is the difference between objective and subjective photography? What do they have in common?
What is the difference between constitution and other laws in Ethiopia?
Can I carry groceries like rice, daal, spices and pickles in check-in luggage while going to Turkey from India?
How much temperature can an Android phone handle and at what degree does the phone get damaged?
What was the significance of conversation between Lata and Ila in s 02 E 06 of Permanent roommates?
What would happen if I filed a stolen property report and the person moved out of state?
I have business ideas all the time (mostly apps, websites, and eCommerce). But I do not want to be a full-time entrepreneur. How can I use them and get only involved a little?
My dad always yells at me and causes me anxiety. How do I fix this?
Where can I download engineering drawing with worked examples by M.A Parker and F. Pickup for free? I have to buy it everywhere I check
What are the strongest majors in terms of job prospects and what are the weakest majors at UMass?
When was the profession of human resources first invented and what purpose did it initially serve?
What are some of the best Android apps you have ever used, and why do you think of them as the best?
Why do the pants control and counterfeit our money plus empty and erase our accounts?
How gatherers and hunters did their social and economic organization in Africans societies?
What would happen if only Africa and Oceania became a world like the book \"1984\"?
A double major in Engineering Physics and Philosophy? Would it be worth it? How hard?
I am an IT engineer with double Master's in IT & Project Management. I am going to graduate soon from my 2nd Master's and I am wondering what kind of roles/companies are good for young graduates like me?
Where can I find apparel manufacturers in Italy or Portugal for t-shirts and sweatshirts to start my own clothing company with my own designs?
How will discontinuing  rupee 500 and  rupee 1000 notes affect India's economy?
What's the difference between a plain HTTP server and something like Apache or NGINX?
Are modern apps like Facebook Messenger and Skype interested in making us dumber? If so how can someone counteract it?
Is it true that Nero had all his opponent killed and attained so much power like no one had in history?
My gums hurt when I brush my teeth and my tongue feels like it's burnt. What is the my problem and how can I fix it?
What is expected arc of the Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them movie series?
I feel chasing after women is a waste of time and I could be using the time towards more meaningful goals. Should I feel this way?
Is it a good idea to major in physics and electrical engineering?
After three surgeries I lost everything, my job, my savings, and I have to start all over again. Though I am young, I still feel depressed. What should I do to get over this?
Is Israel obliged to abide by an ICJ ruling if Palestine sued it and won the ruling, even though Israel did not give consent to that tribunal?
Which Big 4 Firm is best for CA Articleship and which department has the best exposure?
What natural resources does the Canadian shield have, and how do they differ from the on in the Honduran shield?
In C and C++ how can I open an image file like JPEG and read it as a matrix of pixels?
What are the maximum and minimum values of (x + 1/x)?
What is a good laptop brand and operating system for a student planning on studying computer engineering in undergrad and then going on to graduate school? What kind of laptop/desktop does Dan Zhang have?
How was it possible for Edward Witten to enroll in a graduate program in math and then a Ph.D. in physics after a bachelor degree in history and linguistics?
Emoticons: How does one create and implement a custom emoji in Whatsapp?
How do you go up and talk to a girl you like?
If I get arrested unexpectedly and the police take me to jail, what should I know?
What is the quickest and less painful way to commit suicide?
Sometimes I feel like I'm the only sane person in my family and it makes me feel sad and incredibly alone. How can I fix this?
What are abstract concepts and what are some examples of it?
Where can I get affordable domestic pest control and termite control services in Randwick?
What are the strongest majors in terms of job prospects and what are the weakest majors at Weber State?
I got a Reliance Jio SIM using a Samsung Galaxy J7 (2016) and haven't activated it. Will it work in other phones?
Where was game 6 of the 2010 World Series held and what were the teams that played?
What is the deepest lake in Europe, and how does this lake's flora and fauna compare to that of Lake Onega?
How much time it will be taken for the calibration and control measurement in tyre industry?
What are the strongest majors in terms of job prospects and what are the weakest majors at the University of Delaware?
What are the cultural similarities and differences between working at PayPal pre-acquisition and Zynga pre-IPO?
How do sleeping pills work and how much amount it takes to sleep?
Which are the least expensive and still good 3D/4D cinema theaters in Delhi NCR?
Where can I find Signals and Systems PDF by Anand Kumar?
Wordpress: Sometimes I need to upload a file that is larger than themaximum upload file size  and I am stopped because the max upload size is 8mb. So, How can I increase the maximum file upload size in WordPress?
Why when we don't sleep much for a couple of days we start to shake and our heart starts beating really fast?
Is the Clinton email mentioning wetworks (murder) and describing the location of, & made 4 days before Scalia's death enough to open an investigation?
Between Georgetown and Melaka, Which one do you prefer and why?
I am in mechanical engineering and I want to learn more about automobiles and race cars. Where do I start?
What are the differences between journal paper and conference paper in the area of Computer Science? And, how to write a good journal paper?
How do tall trees lift water to their top leaves and just how high can this process manage?
What are the differences between pharmacokinetics and pharmacodynamics? What similarities do they share?
How do I stop being a material scavenger and start preparing for civil services?
How long do E-mail services like AOL and Gmail store messages?
Where can I find annualized returns and beta of Straits Times Index, Hang Seng Index and HFN Asset Based Lending Index?
What was the significance of the battle of Somme, and how did this battle compare and contrast to the Battle of Taranto?
Why are so many people migrating from Africa especially Libya to European countries and what is the reaction of Europe regarding this migration?
What is a oxidation number, and what is this number for helium?
What is the difference between a hard and a soft credit inquiry?
Why isn't Wallonia part of France and Flanders part of the Netherlands?
What is the difference microevolution and macroevolution? How are they similar?
For all subject CA ipcc coaching which teachers and coaching classes are better in bangalore?
What are the strongest arguments for a debate in favour of brain drain in India and what sources must be used for making a good short speech?
I am applying to Georgia Tech as a transfer student. If I do not have any money and I would have to dorm there, is it better to apply summer or fall?
What are the most interesting products and innovations that Liberty Ventures is coming out with in 2016?
Which are the e commerce portals where I can upload and sell my range of essential oils and wellness products in New Delhi, India?
What are some of the similarities and differences between religion and culture?
Scientifically, can you lose fat and gain muscle at the same time?
What would have happened if India had never wanted to play the game cricket and Sachin had been hated by people for loving cricket?
How can I copy links on my Facebook page to get paid and which website will give me those links?
In early aviation how much did mathematics and physics contribute, and how much was just trial and error experimentation?
Which Company provides best Christmas and New Year offer on PSD to Responsive Service?
Which country is more popular in arts and culture: the Philippines or Indonesia?
I have an approved H1B visa (not yet stamped) filed in 2015. Can I change my employer and transfer the H1B petition to the new employer?
Is Bill O'Reilly intellectually honest? How often does he lie, and how does he come up with the lies he claims to be facts?
Why a Telugu person does not mix up with other Indians, but interract and be with only Telugu speaking people?
I'm on day 3 of Celexa and I am feeling really dizzy, kinda nauseous, headache, and I had a pretty major nosebleed earlier. Should I stop taking it?
What do Pakistani people think about uri attack and about their own country after that?
What would have happened to India and its democracy, if Indira Gandhi was not assassinated?
Whether alloy are only isotropic and homogeneous like metals, or alloys also exhibit orthotropic/anisotropic and heterogeneous like CompositeMaterials?
Why do I constantly search for and look at pictures of my ex and his new girlfriend? What is going on in my mind?
Recently I started downloading DOTA 2 from Steam (it's my first encounter with Steam). I downloaded about 600MB/6.8GB, then I paused it and shut down my PC after exiting Steam. The next day when I restarted it, it started from 100MB. Why is this happening?
I think my boyfriend is selfish in bed and I feel neglected. Is it just me?
What are the best ways to make my ex-girlfriend miss me and come back for a relationship? Is blocking her on Facebook and WhatsApp one of the ways to make her miss me?
Which is the best digital door lock and video door phone in India?
Can cold and blocked nose result in high blood pressure? I am 23 yrs old and my bp recording for the past two days is 100/150.
What is the difference between falling in love and having a crush on someone?
What is the difference between the Nazi, the Schutzstaffel (SS) and the Sturmabteilung (SA)? How do the three relate to the term \"Third Reich\"?
I am pregnant and my boyfriend tells me he is not ready to have a family and children. Does he really mean what he says, or he just doesn't love me that much to marry me?
I can only give 1 post every 10 minutes and 1 comment every 5 minutes on Reddit. Why?
Where can I find old back-issues from the 80's and 90's of Fangoria magazine?
What is instructional design theory and how is it changing our modern world today?
Astrology: Are a Sagittarius female and Scorpio male compatible enough to have a happily ever after life?
What is the best Python code that extract all phrases and part of speech (POS) tags of a sentence?
How is Hashmap in Java implemented internally? What are the pros and cons to use it? What are the complexities it provides for insert, delete and lookup?
Was there at any point skirmishes between Allied soldiers and Soviet soldiers, during the campaign in Germany? By mistake or otherwise?
How can I improve social and conversational skills so I can always have something to talk about and almost never have an \"awkward moment\"?
What are some good Hadoop and big data training institutes in Delhi and NCR?
After 3 interviews, spanning 2 months, HR asked about my salary expectations and notice period to which they replied they will get in touch once a decision has been made. A week passed and they have not gotten back to me. Should I still wait for an answer or does this mean that I didn't get the job?
How can you overcome the depression, homesickness and anxiety of culture shock?
What if Vladimir Putin were the president of the USA and Barack Obama were the president of Russia?
If intelligent alien life were to make contact with humanity, and wished to share all of their knowledge in exchange for ours, how would we do this?
California Institute of Technology: What do people in Ricketts House and people in Fleming House think of each other?
If your parents tell you not to swear and you do, what should you say once you get in trouble?
Do I use the 50/50 antifreeze and water for both my engine coolant and my power control unit coolant?
Is it possible to be homeless and employed at a good job?
What is the difference between a footage and composition in Adobe After Effects?
What are some of the best arguments for and against genetic engineering?
What are the possible ways to retire and migrate to Belgium from Indonesia?
How is Ford's after sales service, and what are the maintenance costs?
What is the difference between the roles of Traffic Manager and Tracking Manager? Is it a role with much demand?
I was born in 1994, and I am in the third year of my bachelor's. I want to participate in ACM-ICPC in a master's as well, and I have 4 regionals left. How should I manage them?
Java program that takes two file names as input and joins the lines from the two files based on a given join field?
What are the main problems of northeastern states and their complaint with the central government?
How will the move for non-tenderisation of 500 and 1000 Rupee notes affect property rates?
Why don't Middle East nations like Qatar, Saudi Arabia, and Kuwait want to fight against ISIS, and expect the US to secure their territory/region?
What percent of grants in the Humanities come from NSF, and what percent come from other sources?
People keep missing the dumpster in my complex, and the space around the dumpster fills with trash. How do I use behavioral science to fix this?
What's the cheapest prepaid (scratchcard) MVNO plan and phone that uses AT&T's LTE network?
What is the difference between the bias and variance of an estimator?
If I sent a message on Facebook Messenger and it was just \"sent\", and then I deleted it, will the recipient ever recieve it?
What is the difference between studying in India and studying in any other place like the US/UK/Australia?
How much does one can earn from being a travel partner and a driver with cab services like Ola or Uber?
How good is IIT KGP\u2019s Law School (RGSOIPL)? What\u2019s the scope for IP and placements? Why should I choose IIT KGP Law over say, DU LLB?
What's the weirdest thing you've ever seen and couldn't explain or comprehend?
What are the rules and regulations when visiting an inmate at Valdosta prison and how does it compare to prisons in Alaska?
Why does Pakistan think Kashmir belongs to them and they will be able to snatch it from India?
What is the maximum numbers of hours a normal person can stay awake and concentrate on anything without sleeping? Would this make you insomniac forever?
I feel incredibly attracted towards certain type of Asian girls. I'm not Asian and I didn't grow up around any Asians. Why do I feel this way?
How can one switch from a service-based company like Wipro and TCS to a product-based company like Amazon and Oracle?
If \"consent\" is the act of doing something and acknowledging it then why can't young people do it?
What is the flash and fire point of crude oil and lube oil?
Is there any reasonable and logical relation between science and spirituality?
How do I deal with a boss who plays favorites and does not acknowledge hard work of others who are not his/her favorite's?
As ALL matter is created soon after the Big Bang, and in a relatively small area, why doesn't it collapse into a black hole under its own gravitation?
How many people are selected for an IIT JEE advanced paper, and of them how many get into IIT?
Can I opensource web development? What are its pros and cons and how can one pay for such sites?
I am doing my graduation from DU. I'm in third year and I want to pursue a master's from a foreign university. What are some good universities for psychology and entrance?
A girl I like hugs me randomly and tells people that she loves me, should I ask her out?
I have been selected for the post of Assistant Executive Engineer in ONGC . BUT I had an accident a year back and my hand got fractured and now I have a metal rod in my hand. Will I be able to Complete the Medical Test that ONGC takes before employment?
How could it be harmful to breathe in Raid (used to kill bugs)? I sprayed it on my bed and my friend said it coulld cause brain damage.
Is there life on other planets and are they more advanced than us?
Who will win the 10th match between Poland and Thailand in the 2016 Kabaddi World Cup?
What are the problems and prospects for democracy in south Asia?
Why does a girl still considered as a weak person and asked for dowry? Why is our society not able to eridicate it?
I have a friend, a girl, who is really getting emotional about me talking to other girls and getting their numbers, even though she clearly stated she just wanted to be friends. Why is she doing this?
Where can I sell my antique camera and old coin collection in Delhi?
Is Fantasy cricket leauge is legit and safe in India? Can I give bank account details to them and will it be safe?
What is intermission in hockey and how does it affect a hockey match?
What are the strongest majors in terms of job prospects and what are the weakest majors at Buffalo State College?
When do I get the refund of my Waitlist Tatkal ticket and how do I know that it is cancelled?
What is the main difference between American and British English language?
What is does \"get swoll\" mean and where does it stem from?
If I'm only logged onto Facebook Messenger on my phone, and the app isn't open, will I still appear to be online?
What are the advantage and disadvantage of buying mobile from online?
What does Germany look like, and how does its geography compare to Montenegro's?
A man and a woman produced some brown-eyed children and some blue-eyed children.What are the possible genotypes of the parents?
Who are some of the thought and industry leaders in Israel today?
What do Indians think of Subhas Chandra Bose and the Indian National Army?
I have a E6-2670 desktop with 32G SSD and RAID 0 SSDs, how can I make my desktop even faster and fast-responding? I want better performance.
If all humans started walking on their hands and feet until forever, would it change our evolution?
Why we get a \u201crunny\u201d nose and possibly tears when we digest a spicy food?
Why do some chemicals react with ionic bonding and some to covalent bonding?
What are the requirements to become president in the United States and how are the requirements different in Ukraine?
What is the typical daily and weekly schedule of a private practice doctor?
Are there any Android apps that record video and sound clearly for live concerts/shows?
What is the Personal property Security Act 2009 and how is Nova Scotia's different from Ontario's?
What were the similarities and differences of ancient Egypt and ancient Mesopotamia?
I'm in love with a really close friend who doesn't know I feel this about him (at least I don't think he does). I flirt and he flirts back, but he hasn't asked me out and I love him so much it hurts. Why hasn't he asked me out yet? What does this mean?
What will be the impact of scrapping Rs 500 and Rs 1000 on inflation and dollar exchange rates?
Why do police officers (and other law enforcement) in the USA engage and arrest minorities more than Caucasians?
Why does Vermont believe in not invoking the death penalty and why do they see this as beneficial?
Why don\u2019t people just steal open source code, do a quick restructuring and sell it commercially as their own? Is there a way to prove if you think someone is using your OS code in a closed source code format for profit?
How many Archangels are there and what are their names and special purposes?
What is the best time and place to go bird watching in Pune city?
What is the difference between \"\u53c8\u4e00\" (y\u00f2u y\u012b) and \"\u5176\u4ed6\" (q\u00edt\u0101)?
Having an infinite supply of water and two containers, one for 3 liters and one for 5 liters, how would you measure 4 liters?
Will continuous revving of a motrocycle till max power and top speed ruin its engine in the long run and reduce its resale value?
Should I write \"to give, to show and to influence\" or \"to give, show, and influence\"?
Why do we need to know the melting and the freezing points of a substance?
How exactly do people spy on cell phones and PCs? Are there specific programs for it?
How do you include a foreign student loan and save taxes within a limited company in the UK?
Is there anyway to reach lord Krishna other than bhakthi? I admire him like anything and I wish I can see him, don't know the methods to reach him
Can we arrive at 24 using two 3s and two 8s, while using operators like +,-,*,/,(), only once?
Why do we let the pants live by OUR blood, sweat and tears in OUR Europe, Russia and North America because they call it THEIR religion and ethnicity?
What is the Lewis structure of SiF4, and how does it compare to that of sodium?
What should I do if my girlfriend who promised me that she would never leave me and loved me more than my mom, left me for someone else?
Is Gary Vaynerchuk worth listening to when his net worth is  dollar 10 Million and his wine business was worth  dollar 4 Million when he got it?
Pendrive gets lost very easily and misplaced. How can I resolve this problem?
If interventions took place in Iraq and Afghanistan then why not in Syria until more recently?
What is the difference between time response and frequency response of an circuit?
What do you do when you have a job already and have one year left of your college and want to make yourself better in you field and enjoy to the fullest and learn new things?
Need a public place in a metro area to gather. I have free food and music for the homeless/struggling but don't know where (location) I can set it up?
I am an ECE undergrad. All my CSE friends tease me that there is no scope for an ECE and I won't be able to earn half as much as them. Is it true? What scope is there for an ECE in India? Should I opt for higher studies abroad?
What is some of the weirdest foods consumed around the world and what do they taste like and how did these dishes originate?
In Bhagavad Gita, Lord Krishna says that he reincarnates again and again to re establish dharma. What is that dharma?
How do I build .fxml file using gradle for JAVAFX application with gradle Java plugin and application plugin by applying gradle standard source map?
Why do cyclones spin clockwise in the southern hemisphere and counterclockwise in the northern hemisphere?
I asked Alexa to buy me a game from the \u201cUp Store\u201d and I got a box of cat food delivered to my front door. What went wrong?
Sexually Transmitted Diseases (STDs): If my girlfriend has spotty blood period from her birth control and i am having intercourse with her and my dick hole head is against her bloody vagina am I at risk?
How do I find funding for hiring scientists and researchers for AI and space colonization ideas?
What is the difference between a postdoc position and a research scientist position?
What should I do as a 18 year old interested in stocks and wanting to work at a hedge fund?
When travelling by the local train in Mumbai, many times the lights and fans get switched off for a few seconds. Why does it happen?
How can boost my metabolism and burn calories while sitting at a school desk?
Emergency Situations: If an airplane or ship suffers catastrophic failure and is lost at sea or an island, how long does it take to find the wreckage or survivors?
I've slept an average of nine hours all summer, school will start in 10 days and I will sleep only 6 hours on average, is this bad long term? (16)?
Is there any app which can store internet in our device from WiFi and we can use it later when we are offline?
What is the work of a HR professional in a company and what are the skill sets needed?
General Knowledge: Didn't Judaism, Christianity and Islam originate from the same religion that existed earlier? What are their origins?
What are the basic child support guidelines from Kansas, and how do they compare to those from Ohio?
What vegetarian foods can dogs eat? Can they eat cooked rice, curd and cooked vegetable. Can they eat spicy food.?
I'm using laptop of Sony VAIO make.Some keys like space bar and h are not working.How do correct my laptop keyboard?
How can I apply for date of birth correction and change the address from AP to Karnataka (B'lore) in my voter id card?
What happens if you lose a lawsuit and can't afford to pay?
I'm really insecure about my height. I'm 13 and only 5'1, and I'm worried because both my parents are short. Will I still be tall?
What is the difference between a debate and a quarrelling argument?
What is the most interesting thing we learned about Bosnia and Herzegovina's World Cup team in their match against Argentina?
I was in an abusive relationship. He beat me with an object, threatened me with a weapon and held me against my will I left. Why do I want to go back?
Which companies have grown and became very successful without any VC Funding?
What is the difference between narcissistic personality disorder and anti-social personality disorder?
Is there a philosophical relation between the Banach-Tarski paradox and Kurt G\u00f6del's incompleteness theorems?
What were the major effects of the cambodia earthquake, and how do these effects compare to the Kuril Islands earthquake in 1963?
Myers-Briggs Type Indicator: What happens if both you and your line manager are ENFPs?
What is the difference between Let's Encrypt and a Commercial Certificate Authority (GoDaddy, etc)?
I accidentally scraped something against the back of my hand and my veins look crossed should I be worried I am not in much pain?
Which is a good inpatient drug and alcohol rehab center in Greene County IL?
When designing a system which is meant to be indeterminately upgraded and extended, what general principles should one bear in mind to avoid compromising flexibility down the line?
Who will win the 15th match between Atletico de Kolkata and FC Goa in Hero Indian Super League 2016?
How do I stay clean and smelling fresh on my period?
What is your opinion about my website www.TravelOnlineAdvisor.com? Please have a look and help me on how to improve to get more Travellers?
My car won't start but cranks over, I checked the coolant and there is none, it drove fine the previous day, what was likely to have been damaged?
Is interest earned in NRE and NRO savings accounts tax free?
Is it a wise decision to Leave Accenture and move to TCS after 2.5 years of experience and getting a hike of 50  percent?
What are some of the famous and historical places in Chhattisgarh?
What towns are located near the Kilauea, and how does this volcano's activity compare to the volcanoes in Bolivia?
If a person is cryogenically frozen now and is \"revived\" 200 year later in 2216, how they would adapt to the new life?
What software do authors use to write and publish a self development book?
Suppose my mother loved me very much. She went to heaven and I was damned in hell. How could she be happy knowing her loved one was in hell?
What is JDO(Java Data Object) and how can we run it?
What is the height of an average person and how is an average height of a person determined?
What do you think about the cause and effect in celebrities scandals?
\"What are the strange things you have heard and find hard to believe?\"
What is your new year resolution, short term and long term goal for 2017?
How would you compare a 2 stroke and a 4 stroke engine?
What is the beauty standard for men and women in your country?
Is there an inpatient Drug and Alcohol Rehab Center in Mariposa County California?
I'm an experienced professional in my field [business and design]. Books and courses help too little on learning. How can I improve myself?
I am 17 years old and, to be honest, I am not a very good student. I got average marks in my 10th boards and my 11th went like that as well. I want to ace the SATs. What schedule should I follow? How many hours should I put into my studies? What can I possibly do?
What should I do if I forgot my email and password for my snapchat?
What would be the pros and cons of both Trump and Clinton as president?
What are some examples of endangered species in the tropical rainforest, and how do these differ from those in the savannah?
What is a suitable inpatient drug and alcohol rehab center in Pottawattamie County IA?
Icrease in public debts and external debts in 1980's in india?
I'm very much different from my fiancee. I am emotional and he is practical guy. Will we really make a good pair? Will it last long?
Do Indian students face racism in the US and are Americans less friendly with Indians?
What is Polavaram project issue and how the concerned states will be affected?
Why are East Asian penises so small and why are African/Balkan much bigger in comparison?
What are the different steps and chemicals involved in bleaching terry towels?
What are the most interesting products and innovations that CMS Energy is coming out with in 2016?
What was Malcolm X best known for and who were his greatest influences?
Is it possible to eat the same meal for breakfast, lunch and dinner and still be healthy (and, if so, what would that meal be)?
Would it work if you sealed the wood panel with gel medium and glued watercolor paper on it to do your painting?
What is the difference between a hob and a stove? When would you use each?
I am an SE in an MNC and I want to join teaching, but not right away. So I plan to do Mtech now and few years later join teaching. Is it a good idea?
How much does it cost to build and maintain a website like eBay?
Is it a cool idea to start a social media platform where people can talk and share about those persons who are now exes in their life and who can be next?
How much will it cost to design and develop a website like SiteOre.com?
Have you ever crossed borders between left hand drive and right hand drive on road? Is it even possible to cross these borders in an vehicle?
How do I convince my girlfriend to marry me? She already knows how much I love her and I can't live without her. She is everything for me.
I want to become a filmmaker. I hate my job as a civil engineer, but I can't quit my job and pursue my dream because of my heavy financial problems. I am in a dilemma. I can't concentrate on other things because of this. What should I do?
I am new to web development. I will be developing a website with HTML+CSS+JavaScript and Django. I have started learning Python. Are they the right set of languages I need to select (as a starter) for web development?
Derive the expression for V(t) in parallel AC RLC ckt for overdamped, underdamped and critically damped conditions.How does it differ for DC source?
What are the most common traffic convictions in Arkansas, and how does the severity of the convictions differ in Oklahoma?
I just got rejected by a 2 year long crush, and told her that it was a prank. Was I wrong?
What is the difference between re model and hybrid model of BJT transistor?
What are some examples for perfectly elastic and perfectly inelastic goods?
Can I get the schedule for preparation of maths and English NDA in 6 months?
Where do so many people find others online and create long distance relationships except dating sites?
What are the Advantages and disadvantages of Using investment, financial and dividend principle as tools in corporate finance?
What kinds of gifts do 16 and 19 year old girls like to get?
What I can test in a website and android testing? Its a application that to be used by public users and also, to be optimized for google.?
Why a part of media oppose the idea of taking off of rupees 500 and 1000 denominations though it was done suddenly?
What are some good deodorants and perfumes for men in India?
How do you become famous and receive a lot of views, upvotes, and followers on Quora?
My little dog likes to sleep under the covers with us at night. In cold weather there are many blankets, and she stays under there all night. How on Earth does she not suffocate? Can dogs survive higher CO2 levels than humans?
What are some of the best vocal exercises for singers, and what are each of their benefits (tonality, range, strengthening chest or head voice or falsetto)?
How do I live with the guilt and shame of cheating?
What are some of the best action and sci-fi movies to watch?
What are Moroccans like, and how does their culture compare to Mauritania's?
If a Snapchat story is open in the background and I take a screenshot, does Snapchat think I've taken a shot of the story?
When we breathe air do we breathe other gases as well and if do then what happens to those harmful gases?
How do I know who I am following and who is following me?
Why won't Google listen to their users and give them the ability to disable conversation view in the Gmail app?
Among these EVs Nissan Leaf, Renault ZOE, Chevy Bolt and Tesla's Model 3, which would you pick and why?
What lesson can the people of tamilnadu and neighbouring states learn from chennai floods?
Who measured the height of K2 and Mount Everest at first?
What are the defining characteristics of consumerism and the concept of the Consumer?
What is a suitable inpatient drug and alcohol rehab center in Johnson County IL?
How do I know if my GRE and TOEFL iBT score has reached the college?
My grandma has stage IV cancer with only months to live. How can I help her? She can't walk and doesn't want to do anything. I want to make her smile.
What are the most interesting products and innovations that Castle Brands is coming out with in 2016?
What evidence is there that suggests you can learn what you want more effectively and better in Ivy league schools, compared to other universities, or just plain self-teaching?
What is the poem \"Singh Song\" about and who wrote the poem?
If you could tell the whole world one thing and have them listen, what would it be?
How far effective is it to read and say Hanuman Chalisa for all Hindu religion people?
I use an Alcatel mobile phone and it doesn't have a memory card slot and now the phone memory is filling up. Is there a way to install apps like big games in a pen drive and use them by connecting through OTG without rooting the device?
Is it true that Donald Trump raped a 13 year old and threatened to hurt her family if she talked?
Why does guy I'm dating send me a text but then either takes 12 hours to answer or disappears and tries again days later? Why not ask me out again?
What is it like for an Indian to live and settle down in Singapore?
How do they scan our documents and activates sim card in India?
What is the difference between Reformism and Revivalism in the context of Indian social and Religious movements of 19th century?
What do you do if you have absolutely nothing to live for, no hope and your life is fucked up beyond repair?
What's the rock song that has a telescope fish in the mv and the singer of the group has dreadlocks and the band is playing in some kind of sewers?
Why sometimes pretty parents have ugly kids, and ugly parents have beautiful kids?
Do short service commission officers entitled with medical and canteen facilities after retirement?
What are some major landforms in Texas, and how do they compare to the most famous landforms in Florida?
Is drinking alcohol anti-Islam? How come Shahrukh Khan and Salman Khan are allowed to do it?
Should I leave my husband and get back with my ex?
I predict some future extraterrestrials we meet will be mute, and their language is entirely tactile. Anyone see any problems with tactile language?
What is the weather in Orlando like on June, and how does it differ from the weather in September?
Why is every person running only and only after money in today's world?
Why doesn't Skype exit when we close the window and instead gets minimized? Is there any specific reason?
Can I apply for more than one course for MS in a German university and later opt for any one among which I am selected?
How do you come to terms with the fact that a person you deeply loved and thought really highly of insulted you publicly? Will you be able to forget it considering the fact that you never got an apology?
Is there any way to stop the unnecessary questions asked by some persons related to proposals, love and other which does not actually has meaning relating to what Quora is all about?
What is a realistic monthly budget and earnings for a newly qualified dive instructor living in Koh Tao?
What is torque (in terms of cars), and why is it important (in layman terms)?
What's the difference between TSA Pre and Clear? How do these programs differ?
What made Undertale so great, and how do I make a game similar to it?
What are the pros and cons of using Wordpress as a CMS?
How do you zoom in and out on a HP PC?
Is it OK for a married man to be friends with a married woman and talk and text continuously, even when he knows his wife is not approving?
What is the reason for the decline of Buddhism in India and were the Hindus (Brahmins) responsible for the elimination of Buddhists from India?
I am 16 and due to poor planning, I don't have a job and it is probably too late to take a summer course and my mom hates having me in the house. What am I supposed to do?
When the human body dies of natural causes and the person is put on a heart/lung machine, what is the shutdown sequence?
What's the cause of under eye dark circles and what treatments can help?
What is the difference between mig and arc welding? When do you use each?
My Nokia E5 phone has stopped vibrating. I switched my phone off and then turned it on and still it doesn't vibrate. What may be wrong with it?
I have forgot my Amazon account password and there is no option to reset it. What should I do?
What is a good short name for a private equity and venture capital company?
A man starts walking at 3 pm. He walks at a speed of 4 km/hr on level ground and at a speed of 3 km/hr on uphill, 6 km/hr downhill and then 4 km/hr on level ground to reach back to his home at 9 pm. What is the distance covered on one way? Select one: a. 10 km b. 12 km c. 15km
How do I make my own diodes and transistors at home?
Why don't critics like Pok\u00e9mon Ranger and the Temple of the Sea?
How do I get user bandwidth and network connection type on Windows?
Is there any particular reason to say 1100 as eleven hundred and also one thousand one hundred? Which is correct? (Or more apt?)
Is our government planning to regulate and controle people with food?
What is the difference between [code ]n++[/code] and [code ]n=n+1[/code] in [code]printf()[/code] function in C?
What are the applications and limitations of a three fields system?
Can you actually pickpocket a Forsworn Briarheart and steal the heart, killing it instantly?
Why do people speak negative about other and cant tell 10 positive thing about themselves?
I have been convicted with drunk driving offense in India, paid fine in court and 3 months license suspension. Can I ever travel internationally?
What would happen if Alpha Centauri A, B and Promixa Centauri were cubes?
How is the Master Project Management and Data Science course by HTW, Berlin?
Shouldn't we have debates between NaMo and RaGa similar to the US presidential debates?
I am class 12th PCM student and I am not passing in phy paper I also failed in pre Boards phy paper and now only 2 months are left helpme?
Does Google purposely place only bad things about Donald Trump and only good things about Hillary Clinton on the first page?
I'm a 21-year-old. I just left my job as head of sales since the boss was an a**. I just want to work hard and get paid what I'm worth. Should I get a millionaire mentor and work under him?
When will Microsoft finally admit Unix's superiority as Apple did, and completely switch Windows to a Unix-like kernel?
How can we compare New Yorker, The Atlantic, The New Republic and the American Scientist as a magazine for the general public?
My skills are OFSAA and I want to switch my job .I have job offers from Accenture Pune and KPMG mumbai which company should I join?
What will be favourable and unfavourable impacts of demonetisation of 500 and 1000 notes on the lives of people?
What is social conditioning and what are some examples of it?
Is there a correlation between education level and the number of personal relationships someone has had?
Why do the rich become richer and the poor become poorer?
How far is Jupiter from the Sun and how does its proximity affect the planets characteristics?
If a driver speeds by a state trooper with radar at 160 mph, and is actually caught, what will happen to the driver and how will he be treated?
Why is the Bible written in the respective language/dialect of the readers and became so controversial that is now the subject of an unending debates?
My father's name in my SSC certificate is slightly different in dob and uid will I face any problem If I apply to passport?
If I met a person in the desert who was just about to die of thirst and I gave him a cup of coffee (a diuretic) would I effectively kill them?
How can I get MOOC/E-learning through online Web and Video courses related to ICWAI developed by Indian professorial/professors?
What is the definition of 'peremptorily' and how is it used in a sentence?
I feel like I will get less opportunity in film industry beacuse I'm short and due to this I come into depression.what should I do?
Why are plasma TVs heavier than LCDs, and why is it bad to lay them down?
Why is the sun's surface temp 5400 degrees Kelvin and the less dense corona in the millions, how does it work?
What should you do when you have strong feelings for someone who has hurt you by tricking, cheating and lying to you and you are finding it really hard to move on with every day life?
How do you cope when your lover starts loving someone else and you even see him sad for the other girl?
Why is one of my ears always hot and the other ear cold?
Indian Sign language detection for deaf and dumb using soft computing?
What are some examples of monocot and dicot leaves and how are they different?
Can someone really cast a spell on you and would you know if they did?
I found out my daughter and my step-son are having sex. What do I do?
Were the White House and the Capitol building built by slaves?
How do I become a cold hearted and an emotionless person?
Are there some tools to rapidly follow and unfollow several people on Twitter?
Why do most Indians hate Pakistan? Ethnically, culturally and racially aren't we both the same?
How can I install Ubuntu in my laptop? My CD drive is not working and my laptop is not reading my pen drive at boot time.
What software(s) are used for job scheduling and dependency management with Hadoop-Hive set up?
What are some examples of bad user interface and user experience design on top sites like Google, Wikipedia, Facebook, Twitter, and Quora?
How would you rank Federer, Nadal, Djokovic, Murray, Wawrinka, Delpo and Cilic in terms of greatness achieved and potential spot in the history of sport?
I wash my face twice a day, I stay hydrated, I play sports, and I eat healthy, but I still have acne. Why?
Why do white people always ask me about the problems faced by minorities in India and never ask me about problems minorities face in the US?
Which online store can we buy creative and cozy home furniture in India?
What is the new GST bill and how will it affect us?
When we call horizontal and vertical lines in a graph as x and y axis, What is actually meant by the word \"axis\"?
What is the compatibility of a Libra sun/Leo moon man and a Leo sun/Libra moon female?
I have 15000rs and want to invest it. I own a blog and want to earn more out of it. How can I do it and can I invest it in some other things for more profit?
I am in std 9 and I want to astronomy and want to do job in NASA for that what should I do and want to be in the top collages what should I do?
Where can I get quality services for plaster and drywall repairs in Brisbane?
What would you do if your friends are constantly talking about your friend's boyfriend and even if they consider you still a part of the group, they do however kinda make you feel alone? How do you go make yourself comfortable and really enjoy and have a good time?
Theoretically speaking if Prince Harry was made a Duke and parliament wanted his dukedom to have an annual income; could that happen?
Which is a good inpatient drug and alcohol rehab center in Union County IA?
Why didn\u2019t Mexico attack the USA and take their land back while they were busy with their civil war?
How do the hostel rooms, mess, and eating areas in IIT look like?
Does being a good human being serve as a hindrance to one's normal and comfortable living? If so, how would we encourage people to do the same?
Do you think that the Param Vir Chakra and the Mahavir Chakra need to be re-designed, and why?
What do you think are some good and some bad things about Twitter and Facebook?
If a war breaks out between US/NATO and Russia, who would win?
How common are blue, green, and hazel eyes in the Middle East?
What are the boundary conditions and their implementation in heat transfer?
What are the most interesting products and innovations that Quad/Graphics is coming out with in 2016?
What is the difference between OPT-EAD and GC-EAD? How do I find that a candidate is on GC-EAD, not on OPT-EAD?
What are some of the advantages of a sole proprietorships, and how do these differ from those of associations?
How can I improve my content and organize myself while writing?
If I eat a clove of garlic in how many days will my pores and breath stop smelling like garlic?
How many 6-digit numbers are there using the digits 0, 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8, and 9 if the first digit cannot be 0 but repeated digits are allowed?
What are the differences between Army, Navy, and Marine Corp's basic sniper courses?
When I connect to my Internet router through wireless, it says limited access and I can't connect to the Internet. How do I fix this?
How do I convert text written on paper to PDF and then to a Word document?
What are some easy methods to get Flipkart and Amazon shopping vouchers?
What are the primary differences between a hosting service like GoDaddy and a cloud based hosting like Amazon Web Services?
My sister's friend keeps on asking me how much I am paying for college and what do I want to do in my life. It is very annoying. How do I make her stop asking me all these irrelevant questions?
Why do they still call it Halo in Halo 4 and 5 without any actual Halo's?
Which is a good inpatient drug and alcohol rehab center near Coffee County AL?
What's the difference between want, need and desire? Aren't they the same?
Where can I get best offset printing, and UV printing services in Australia?
My girlfriend lied to me about her virginity. She had sex with her ex. I love her and she loves me a lot, but it hurts me knowing that she lied. Should I ignore this?
Why is HF a weak acid and HCl a strong acid?
Why is a mother's knowledge, skills and experience not passed to her child in her womb?
I scored 72 percent in 10th and 88 percent in 12 can I be able to became ias officer?
Just got out of a 1 year relationship and it hurts, how can I feel better and bounce back?
How well are modern troops in today's military trained in the use of melee weapons and would they be able to hold their own against a medieval knight?
Is it possible to understand math and physics without understanding philosophy?
Why is Indian government, News Media and Movies completely neglecting North-East India?
Which is a good inpatient drug and alcohol rehab center in Johnson County KY?
How do you deal with someone who thinks they are smarter than you and tries to tell you how to run your life?
My computer is an Asus GTX 960 Strix + Intel i5 4440 + RAM 8GB and has a Corsair 500 watt PSU. It studders in games, but runs perfectly in benchmark and stress tests. I also have the latest drivers. What should I do?
How does YouTube recommend channels on their What to Watch homepage, even after I have blocked cookies and deleted old cookies/app data. Do they track activity by IP Addresses or what sort of techniques do they employ?
How many 4-letter words can be formed of the word ENGLISH, given that G and L paired together in the order GL and repetition alphabets is not allowed?
I live in bangalore KA. I wish to open a bank account for savings and investments. Which is the best bank to open the account?
How do I make a math file on the topic body weight and body height of a given class, using mean, median, mode and frequency polygon?
Are we focussing too much about the future and forgetting to live in the present?
Can I pay half of LIC premium by one credit card and remaining half by other credit card?
What is the difference between I and S on the 2014 Mazda 6?
What is the name of this film and the names of the actors?
When is it ok to use the word \"black\" and when to use \"African-American\" in conjunction with people and related culture?
Is there more to computational finance and machine learning in finance than trying different algorithms on stock data?
How can I prepare for boards and for medical entrance exam together?
How has Sino-US relationship evolved and how would it affect the future if China outpowers US?
Which is the best free antivirus and anti-spyware available for my PC?
How is an intelligence quotient test preformed and what is considered the average score in Alabama and how does this compare to Tennessee?
I am planning a trip from Punjab along with my wife and children. What shall be the best travel itinerary. How safe shall be journey and stay?
Can I leave mashed potatoes on the counter for 8 hours and reheat them? Or would they be spoiled?
Which stocks would be best to buy now if California passes Proposition 64 and legalizes Cannabis for recreational use?
What are the health benefits and risks of cashews and almonds?
Why the engine maximum torque and maximum power are at different RPM's?
What is the relationship between power and frequency in an AC supply?
While attaching data macro to table event, any forms and code that update the event inherit the logic. Explain with example?
What should I do when a girl ignored me and she knows I like her?
Kerala (India) has its chief minister from a communist party. Does that mean Kerala is a communist state? I am sure there are plenty of private enterprises in Kerala and not everything is owned by the government there. Does this mean that the communist party is failing to achieve its objectives?
They say that to be a good programmer you must think and dream like one; how do I do that?
How do I get academic transcripts and Medium of Instruction Certificate from UPTU, Lucknow?
How do the holy scriptures of Hinduism compare and contrast to those of Heathenism?
What is the difference between their and there in English grammar and there usage in English grammar?
My dad keeps yelling at my mom and it makes me really upset. How can I help her?
How do I get in touch with someone from TripAdvisor? I'm a property owner and I have created a listing several times, yet I have no update.
Who are the people on PUNE roads wearing blue trousers and white shirt with the traffic policeman(wearing khaki trousers and white shirt).?
If a techie from the 1980s could take one piece of technology from 2016 and bring it back to his time for production, what would he choose?
What is the academic pressure and workload at Texas State like?
Which leads to better comprehension and retention, listening to audiobooks or reading an actual book?
I am a 35-year-old woman. I feel lonely and don't have any friends to talk to or go out with. How can I make friends?
What are the most common job interview questions and how should you answer them?
Where can I found highly experienced and qualified horse riding instructors in Melbourne?
Why did the US attack Libya and overthrow Gaddafi, who was an anti-terror ally?
What are some good news channels (if any) to watch and magazine(s) to read that would help in UPSC civil service preparation?
What are different types of yogurt and how are they different?
When I smile at a stranger girl and she looks at the ground and nervously smiles too, does that mean she's attracted to me?
Which one is best for gaming: an I5 4th gen and 4GB graphic card DDR3 or an I5 5th gen and 2GB DDR3?
If I need 2500 calories to maintain my weight and I eat 3000 calories per day do I get fat?
When and Why did Symantec discontinue Norton Antivirus and focus only on their Security Suite?
What are the differences between raw honey and honey? What are their similarities?
Is it possible to get married and live with one man your entire life?
What are the causes of anemia and what are its symptoms?
How do I create ISO for my Operating system and all other programs so that I can install in another pc?
How is the placements for PGP in business analytics and big data at Aegis school of Business (Powai)?
Since childhood, why are we taught to use our right and not the left hand for writing and having food?
Why we use semiconductors in electronics circuits and we do not use conductors?
I have a friend who is always late and never on time. How can I make them punctual?
What are some reasons to become and not to become a teacher?
What are the best books for chemistry and mathematics for the IIT-JEE?
Where can I get professional and timely electrical service in Inner West?
I want to do MBA in Marketing from India. Which is the best institute and what is the procedure of admission? I am average IT engineer.
If your present salary is Rs:2500per month and your expenses are RS 1950PER MONTH?
How can I get MOOC/E-learning through online web and video courses related to pharmacovigilance developed by Indian professorial/professors?
At 40 years old, am I too old to target government/municipal jobs that provide pension and would allow me to retire at age 62 or earlier?
Why is Manaphy anxious in \"Pok\u00e9mon Ranger and the Temple of the Sea\" movie?
What is the program \"ZipCloud\" and why does open when I turn on my Mac? Is it safe or a virus?
When I turn my Raspberry Pi high I get only 0.6V and not 3.3 V in all of the pins. Why am I facing this problem, and how can I troubleshoot it?
What are some of the best, and toughest, tongue twisters in English?
What happens if you're in an airplane and someone opens a door while you're in it?
Where can I get very efficient and effective pest control services in Waverly?
My usual resting heart rate is around 72 to 78 bpm at times even 67. However when I eat and do light activities it increases around 90 is that fine?
What is the value of AMIE in India and in Western countries? Is it a valid degree as BTech and BE?
What's the point in living if you're so depressed it's ruining your life and you can't seem to get healthier no matter how hard you try?
Why did Microsoft choose core m3 and not core i3 for Surface Pro 4?
How do I improve my logical reasoning and question solving ability?
Can I still grow if Im taller than both of my parents and almost turning 19 in 2 months?
What are some of the most romantic and Life changing movies ever?
Which bikes look styles and give best milege under 80 k?
What are the chances of Eminem coming and performing in India?
What does the Muslim world think about the open and officially sanctioned persecution of Christians in Brunei?
I am a 27 year old mechanical engineer, and I want to prepare for an MS in the USA. Can I do it or is it too late?
In 2016 my fiance from India visited me for 5 days and we got married here. can I claim her as a dependent in taxes. she wont be back in us until Jan?
I have started working out regularly and trying to learn Spanish. What's the best way to keep up the motivation and momentum without getting bored?
I want to become Indian Air Force pilot through NDA and my left eye is +0.75 and right eye is +0.50 weak. Am I eligible for the pilot?
If I like a tweet by accident but quickly unlike it and then put my profile on private, will the person still get notified?
Is it true that ISIS has been created and funded by the west?
I purchased a big embroidered fabric bag in China and it smells like kerosene. How can I remove the smell?
What is the difference between assets and liabilities? What are some examples for each?
My 18-year-old younger sister is a cross-grained and fastidious person. She's obsessed with cleanliness. What should I do to help her?
If we switch on a lamp, the light will reach near and far objects at the same time or not and why?
I am going to be 30 this year. all my friends are well settled and I am still unemployed. now everything seems to be dark night?
Can you elaborate on the details to get interns at IISC Bangalore and BAARC from the view of a student at a self financing college?
How do you switch Verizon to Metro Service and switch my phone to a Verizon phone?
How do people from England, Wales, Scotland and other countries think of Irish accents?
What should I do to concentrate on my studies and for scoring high marks?
What is the correct dosage of amla juice and aloe vera juice taken together?
If I deleted someone on snapchat, and then made my story public, will they be able to see it?
What Rank can I expect in jee mains 2016 with 147 marks and 98.87 percentile in west bengal boards?
If George Washington was alive today and ran for presidency as a Republican would you vote for him?
When is America going to wake up and admit that President Obama was born in Kenya and is a Muslim
Trump has over 100 judicial vacancies and a Supreme Court justice to name. Is this the end of liberalism?
What is the procedure for importing mobile phone and other accessories from china to India?
Should I write \"Dear Professors\" or \"Dear Prof. A, Prof. B and Prof. C\", while writing an email to 3 professors?
I am planning a 4 day Mumbai trip. What are some suggested awesome places and help for me in deciding my visiting locations?
What is it like to be ripped and still not be able to meet single women?
When did Lichfield, England become a city and what is its historical importance?
What would the child of a Black/Asian mom and a Black/White dad look like?
A lizard was caught in glue. I spill some petrol on it to loosen the glue and help it escape. But it then die shortly after, I wonder why is it?
What are the strongest majors in terms of job prospects and what are the weakest majors at Rollins College?
What are the laws regarding license plate lighting in Ontario and what fines are associated? How do these differ in Saskatchewan?
Does something like \"learned failure behaviour\" exist and how can you break out of it?
How do price makers and price takers differ from each other?
What is the best and cheapest way to ship to India?
I am 27 yrs old married man. I earn 75k per month and my wife earns 25k per month. Is it enough to live a good life in NCR? We have no loans.
Would you press a button that kills a random person and gives you  dollar 1 million, if no one ever knew about your crime?
What Indian university professors and faculty members are users on Quora?
What are the most interesting products and innovations that Lifeway Foods is coming out with in 2016?
What if you order something in a restaurant and they charge you a high price?
When was the Canadian Citizenship Act passed, and what purpose does it serve?
Why did MS Dhoni quit ODI and T20 captaincy but will still play?
How do declensions in Greek, Latin and Sanskrit compare to each other?
What are some of the things about money, life and relationships that you wish you knew when you were 20?
Am I the only one who would expect to see Mr. Peanutbutter and Princess Carolyn getting together?
I got two offers Wipro and Accenture .pls suggest me which is better and why, while package of Accenture is 3.5 and Wipro is 3.25?
Let x and y be independent random variable with distribution N(0.1). show that x+y and x-y are independent N(0,2) distributed random variable?
How will the demonetisation of  rupee 500,  rupee 1000 notes and simultaneously introducing higher denomination  rupee 2000 notes will recover black money?
Do you believe in sun signs and horoscopes? Is it relevant in any way?
How do I get a modded play store for free? I have a rooted phone and lollipop 5.0.2. If your answers has lucky patcher, please provide explaination.
What can U.K (Britain) do in order to become superpower again and dominate the world again but not in a violent way?
What are the fundamental principles of American democracy and how well are they adhered to?
The Bhagavad Gita says that love and affection are the root causes of sorrow. What does that mean?
Did the wrestling scene between Mahavir Singh Phogat and Geeta Phogat happen in real life?
What type of services can you get in cities and metro areas that you would not find elsewhere?
I am a 20 yr old girl living in a hostel. I am very skinny and get tired easily. How can I improve my health and endurance?
Suggest me boutique names? It is going to home based with Facebook page and sending images through WhatsApp, what name would be apt?
What can I do if I'm 16 and might be pregnant?
Why should I run away from home and never come back?
When you're in your 20s is it too late to start ballet and want to become professionally good at it?
Did the movies, \"13 Hours\", \"Clinton Cash\", and \"Hillary's America\" affect the election results?
What is net neutrality and how is Airtel Zero related to it?
What do economists think of demonetization of  rupee 1000 and  rupee 500 notes? How much help could it be?
Rural Development: What are the differences between the farming practices of rich and poor farmers, and what is the return on investment in both cases?
The idea of me giving up feels so good. I really don't want to live anymore and am using depression as an excuse for it, am I a bad person?
What do police officers do when the law and morality are contradiction to each other? Examples?
What is the difference between sensor actuator and detector in terms of IOT?
I am placed in accenture, cognizant, infosys and wipro.On basis of work culture and work load,which company is better amongst the four?
I used a fake email and phone number for Snapchat and I forgot my password how can I get it back?
What is the difference between progressive and carryover effects in research?
Why do my father hates me and what should I do?
Why doesn't the Indian government divide bigger states like Uttar Pradesh into smaller ones and let all regions achieve a greater Human Development Index like the smaller states in India?
Could there be a link between the indigenous small stature people of the Andaman Islands and the now extinct dwarf-like homo floresiensis of Indonesia?
What are the top female fashion, beauty and health blogs in Brazil?
Can I get 10points in class 10 even if I got 10 and 9 poits in fa-1and2and got 9.4 in sa-1?
What happens if both Hillary Clinton and Donald Trump drop out of the election?
I got the PhD admission to Brown in Chemistry and  the master admission to Materials Science and Engineering in Stanford. Which one is better for me?
How do the roles of the CIA, the NSC, and other related organizations differ from each other, and relate to each other, now and in the past?
What are some arguments for and against having an electoral college voting system?
I am almost 22,unemployed,single,broke, living with my parents, in debt and nothing to be excited about in my life currently,how can I turn it around?
Why do people always ask each and every silly question on Quora?
What is the difference between a static variable and global variable in C/C++?
What if Germany had used its entire arsenal of Tabun and other chemical weapons during the Battle of Britain?
How do you stop flaking and commit to things you said you would do/go to?
A man is buying my house by taking loan from bank and the buyer and me (seller) made a agreement of Rs.5 Lakhs in stamp duty. Is it safe?
Why are there so many different types of codes and sequences used for the various aspects of computers and the internet?
What is the difference between a bond and a debenture in the UK?
What is the business model for a site like Savings.com and how do they monetize the efforts of their coupon clippers/bloggers?
IMessage if I send a message and I'm blocked will it still say delivered?
What are the areas (other than audit and taxation) which a Chartered Accountant can explore?
How many hours can we let the dog stay alone in our home? My mom and I live together and we both leave our home for at least 7 hours. How long can we leave the boxer puppy, which is one month old?
I have some secrets..what if I smoke marijuana with my boyfriend and he asks me about the past, will I control my answers and not telling the truth?
Is it too late to start a computer science degree if I am 20 and don't know any programming languages?
What do western Indonesian (Sumatran, Borneon and Javanese) think of the eastern Indonesian (Moluccan and Papuan)?
What are some really weird and must-have phone ringtones you have ever had?
How do I get people to read my books and leave reviews on Amazon?
What would happen, legally speaking, if Mexico overthrew its government and requested to be a part of the United States?
Is there a way to determine whether an email reaches its destination and confirm whether the recipient has opened it?
If two founders start a company (a Delaware C corp) and then ultimately that company is dissolved, can an original founder start another by himself?
If I block my number and call someone but I get busy signal?
What if a Christian saves a Muslim, and dies saving his or her life. Will he go to Heaven or Hell?
Where can I find online tutorials or coaching, study materials and a recommended books list for CAT?
Sometimes when I go to all you can eat buffets I am thrown out for being fat and eating too much. How is it all you can eat if you can eat too much?
I am a university student. But now I seem to tired of school. I don't want to have a class and don't want to read books. No goals. Life without passion. How can I change this situation?
What are the impacts on poor, labourers, hawkers and small traders due to demonetisation?
For obtaining an import export license, they demand gumasta and to obtain gumasta, they demand an IE license! What should I do?
How can I prevent the clutch-plate and master-cylinder from burning while driving a manual car?
What was the relationship between Jews and Muslims before the creation of Israel like?
When buying and selling stock, who actually buys and sells the shares and why are they willing to always buy at market price?
I started programming 4 years ago. But recently I started drifting from topics and finally decided to start from Assembly. Is this drift healthy?
Two months ago I slept with someone without using protection, the next day I took the after pill and a few weeks later I got my period. However, I have been gaining weight, Could I possibly be pregnant?
I forgot my Facebook password. I don't remember the Gmail password and neither any information regarding the Gmail ID. What should I do?
What exactly is a truffle and why is it so expensive?
I need to talk to someone who are good at networking and websites, where can I do that?
I weighed myself this morning and I weighed 138 pounds. I checked twice to make sure. I just weighed myself again after 4 hours and I weigh 126. Even after I checked, how is this possible?
I am very poor in English, both in communication and writing. How can I start preparing for it?
I graduated this year (2014) with a bachelor's degree in electronics and communication engineering. I am jobless right now. Is it possible for me to become an entrepreneur without any job experience?
Our ridiculously high costs in the U.S. are due in part to hospital markups and coding for the highest reimbursement. How do we fix that?
What is the fastest way to get to the Burj Khalifa in Dubai from the airport and then to get back all in less than 5 hours?
Can a person feel happy and sad at the same time?
Is the white spider poisonous, and how does it compare and contrast to the wolf spider?
What are the best blogs on food and restaurants (2017)? How do these blogs compare?
From last few months I am getting more into porn videos and I can see myself converting into a pervert. How to get out of this?
Why its only one roller support and one hinge in simply supported beam ?
What is a suitable inpatient drug and alcohol rehab center near Dare County NC?
What are the ways to get good clean meats and seafood in the Bay area?
What are the salaries of Principals, Partners and GMs at VC's with a  dollar 500M -  dollar 1B fund?
I remember someone writing about the Terminator time travelings and that with every time travel Skynet becomes stronger in the future and the date only delayed where is this post?
Is it advisable to buy iPhone 6 with 16 GB and subscribe to 200 GB of I cloud storage on the phone to avoid storage problem?
What does Donald Trump's popularity and unpopularity tell us about today's America?
Which is a good inpatient drug and alcohol rehab center near Knox County IL?
I consider myself a conservative and I vote for conservative policies. Am I a bigot?
Is there any performance difference between single sim and dual sim phones (considering same phone with both models)?
Are there many Canadians living and working illegally in the United States?
How do Quorans with hundreds of upvoted and comments live with the notifications coming through their e-mails?
What to know in sound and music computing field, today, in 2016?
Is political science a science, and if so, how scientific is it?
How do you know which things should and should not say in a conversation?
What do you think about when you are alone and don't have any work to do?
I would like to know about Ola and Uber cab? I want to start new busines.
How can you argue peace and compassion are the correct way?
I broke up with my girlfriend and feel heartbroken. Should I ask for her back?
The earnings of A and B are in the ratio 4:1. If the earnings of A is increased by 50 percent and that of B is decreased by 20 percent, find A earning?
What are some of the best comedy movies and TV shows that I should watch?
Are there any scholarships for the international students in North America and Europe with below average academics but are very promising and needy?
If he texted right after our 1st date to say he had fun and I said me too, why is he playing games now and hasn't contacted me 3 days since our date?
Where can I get high level puzzles and questions of IQ for solving? Any good book or sites?
My husband and his buddies were talking about their sex life in a bar and he shared about us. I feel betrayed. Is my feeling justified? What do I do?
What do you do when you have too much work to do and your family expects too much from you and your brain is completely worked up and you just wanna run away but you have too many responsibilities?
What will happen to my photos and videos if the cached data is cleaned?
What are the consequences of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland voting Leave in the referendum on their EU membership?
How far is it true that new 500 and 2000 rupees notes have Nano GPS chip in it?
Is there a way to search Twitter by hashtag and display only tweets with a certain number of re-tweets?
What are the requirements to become president in the United States and how are the requirements different in Iran?
I'm in 12th (commerce) , and have scored shameful marks in term one? What and how can I do things now to score above 92 percent? Plzz help?
I'm 136 pound male, 19 years old, 5'7\"! 10.5 percent body fat, and I still have some extra fat stored in my belly, lower back, and chest. What should I do?
Where did the Christian idea of Satan (and Lucifer/Satan/Beelzebub and the battle with the angels, etc.) originate?
What is it like to live through and survive a tsunami?
What are some suggestions for buying sterling silver and handmade silver jewellery online in Australia?
What happened in India post Harappan era and during the formation of the Mahajanapadas?
What is deadline for MS in University of Waterloo and what are admission requirements?
What if a college is autonomous affiliated and is accreditated to naac?
Aren't scrubs and doctors lab coats supposed to be clean and relatively sterile? Why do so many doctors and nurses wear them out and about?
How different would the world be if racial stereotypes and discrimination didn't exist?
What is the difference between an Android phone and a Windows phone? Which one is better?
How can I make friends in Mumbai? I am depressed, frustrated Judged and need some one who will not be friend for Money or Physical factors.
What would you do if your son was at home, crying all alone on the bedroom floor, and he's hungry, and the only way to feed him is to, sleep with a man for a little bit of money?
What are the biggest pain points and challenges for angel investors?
What is the difference between a wind vane and a anemometer? What are some examples?
In Home Alone 1 and 2, why does Kevin keep silent about his encounter with Harry and Marv to his parents? Why didn't he tell them?
I am interested to do a online market survey targeting only the online buyer and specific group of people. Is there is option for it?
I'm interested in creating cheap, tiny sensors that can be embedded in the packaging of everyday CPG (e.g., tubes of toothpaste), able to communicate with a connected device for data collection and refill delivery automation. What other companies and/or start-ups are producing related technology?
What are the strongest majors in terms of job prospects and what are the weakest majors at Rice University?
What is the difference between Guardian and custodian in context with Indian Constitution?
Why will a Scorpio man act like a friend and stay in contact when he has broken up with you?
What is the true link between Shivaji Maharaj and the US-Vietnam war? Was there a similarity in their guerrilla tactics?
What would happen if both Trump and Pence were assassinated before taking office?
What song can you listen to and never get tired of hearing?
How much cement, aggregate, and sand are required in 1 brass?
What does it mean by world and world coordinate in computer graphics?
What are the differences and similarities between baking powder and baking soda?
How do I make a prototype of a Bluetooth lost and found tracker in China?
If a war breaks out between India and Pakistan who would win?
If it is proven that the attack on the aid convoy in Syria was a war crime and it was committed by Russia how would it be punished?
Why is pregnancy in humans so difficult and painful? Do similar animals also have difficult pregnancies?
How often does lightning strike airplanes and what happens to the plane?
How do I apply for NEET Haryana state rank and apply for 85 percent state quota seat counselling?
I started a car wash and wheel alignment business. It has been 8 months and I am still struggling for regular customers. What should I do to increase my customer base?
What does it mean when the magnitude of a force is 0, and what happens to the acceleration if we double that force?
What is the difference between fact and theory in science jargon?
What is the best free, online study content available for the GMAT? Where should I practice high level questions (700+) without having to pay, and are there any sites where I can take full length computer adaptive tests?
What Does Hillary Clinton think about India and It's influence on present day world?
Did Mukesh Ambani know about demonetizing of 500s and 1000s Notes? Was this the reason behind Jio offers which will last till December?
Who is the most hated actor and actress in Bollywood? Why are they hated?
Which of the following Configuration Management tool is easy to learn and implement? What are the advantages of choosing one over the other? Chef/Puppet
What are the most interesting products and innovations that Federated Investors is coming out with in 2016?
How do I check if University of Michigan has received my GRE and TOEFL Scores for graduate application?
Can a civilian use red and blue flashing lights on his vehicle?
How do I update my profile picture and name on messenger?
How do Brown courses compare and contrast with courses at other Ivy League universities?
Can I open a zero balance account, as a student, in axis bank with debit card and Internet banking facility? If yes, how?
Who has suffered from depression and is finding it hard to overcome?
Why do I feel so tired and sleepy after a vacation/trek?
Andhra Pradesh, India : Why are people of Krishna, Guntur and Godavari districts considered to be politically influential?
What is wrong with our mind and heart when we don't socialize?
What towns are located near the Kilauea, and how does this volcano's activity compare to the volcanoes in Paraguay?
I heard we won't partake in practical work in our computer science degree at my college, and I'm currently in my third year. What should I do?
I bought a Jio sim and used 4gb of data on the first day and it has been two days and still it shows that the data has been exhausted?
How will the scrapping of Rs 500 and Rs 1000 notes help in reducing black money and corruption?
What are the main differences between a Masters and a PhD in computer science?
I have a Bachelor of Fine Art, which majors (both Art and non-Art) can I apply for Master?
What are the most funniest and senseless questions you have come across in Quora?
How old is too old to have never had a job? Does the fact that a person is, for example, nearly 30 and never had a 'job' in the conventional sense of the word a bad thing to potential employers?
How we can use waste plastic bags and bottles in the construction?
Do the states of matter only apply to singular elements on the periodic table? Can substances and compounds exist in different states of matter as well, like liquid wood or a gaseous alloy?
Is it safe to eat only two whole boiled eggs and drink lots of water everyday while I workout?
What happens if u fail to score 20 in phase 1 and phase 2 online exam of Pune university?
How should I prepare for polity and economy for Mains Paper 2 and 3 UPSC?
Which countries have bombed and occupied Japan in the past 200 years?
What are some original story ideas and how are they structured?
Can I get rid of my flabby gut and get six pack abs if I'm 40?
Which is the best book for a food plant layout and design and dairy plant engineering?
How will the ban of 500 and 1000 rs notes will affect land prices?
What is it like flying from Bangkok to Manila and how are these touristic cities compared to Beijing?
What does a product illustration analyst do in the insurance industry and how much does an entry level employee make?
Where can I get affordable painting and decorating service in Brisbane?
What tricks do you know about mobiles and computers which most people are usually unaware of?
I want to take one day off just to read books, and do nothing else. What should I read?
My answers are consistently being collapsed even when I include a lot of text and pictures. How do I prevent this in the future?
Can we add a team member ICPC before online round? We want to move 1 to substitute and add a new member the option is there but just need to confirm?
I was out of the UK for over 180 days last year. I have residency and my 4 year old daughter is British. Can I still get British citizenship?
Who are some lesser known important historical figures of Palestine and what should people know about them?
I am 35. Was making 6 figure pay? I have been laid off and feel like a failure. How do I get back to being successful?
I Recently disabled my Instagram account. I reactivated it the following day and have lost all of my pictures. How can I get them back?
Why doesn't Gmail auto-update and display the most recent response live?
Why do Mormons have so many kids and how do they manage to feed them?
My parents won't let me choose my future, as in job and college, what do I do about this? Should I follow my heart or what they want me to do?
What is the difference between state minister and independent state minister?
If a modern person; went back a couple of million years, and met an early man, what would they think of you?
I am geting CS at Vidyalankar Institute of Technology and Mechanical at D.J. Sanghvi.What should I do ? Which is better?
How can we change our education system and make it more interesting and beneficial?
What sucks in your project management tool and what makes you still use it?
If I order something from an online store (Ebay, Flipkart etc) and it gets delivered, can I just open the box on the spot, check the electronics and then pay (COD)? Or is it awkward?
What would be the Cheap and best DTH connection in Tamil Nadu?
What are the differences between the TV and book versions of the \"Red Wedding\" in Game of Thrones?
I betrayed my friend by revealing their depression and personal things that have gone on between us. What should I do?
Is sweater, jacket, sweatshirt, pullover and jumper the same? Is there any difference?
How do you distinguish between cesium and rubidium? What are their differences?
I am 25 and I'm working as a waiter. Are there any chances that I will be successful in life and which steps should I take to be successful considering the fact that this is not my industry and I'm just doing this job to earn a living?
Newton's third law of motion states that \"every action has an equal and an opposite reaction.\" Then why is it, that when we sneeze (with speeds up to 100 miles/hour), we don't fall back?
What are some major landforms in Texas, and how do they compare to the most famous landforms in Hawaii?
What do Trump supporters think of the US-Israel defense deal and foreign military aid of  dollar 38 billion to Israel?
How does Stephen King earn money so much now that he is well known and how did he become well known? What made him so famous?
Why can't India enter Pakistan and kill Daood Ibrahim like the US did to Laden?
Will the other US cellular carriers follow T-Mobile's lead and provide free data for streaming music?
Now what will happen to black money deposited in Swiss and other banks after banning of current Indian currency notes?
How can Asian Americans fight for their civil rights and chase for equality, justice and opportunities?
I'm an 18 year old boy. How do I grow a beard? I have long sideburns & the shave beneath the jaw line is perfect and dense. What do I do for growing a normal moustache & beard on my cheeks?
Could I simply use elephant cells and an artificial uterus to clone elephants?
What are some of the best places to visit and eat at in Washington DC? (For Londoners who are hard to impress)
What are some arguments for and against the claims of social subversion and demoralization by Yuri bezmenov?
I want to meet British people in person and want to make friends with them. Where can I find them in India?
How do I talk about/present my UX work positively and candidly (to prospective employers) if it was done for a train-wreck of a company?
What would happen if the U.S. government abolished pennies, nickels, and dimes, causing all prices to be rounded to the nearest 25 cents?
What's the difference between red, yellow and green Thai curry pastes?
What is the difference between \"at\" and \"on\" in the following sentences?
Lets say they steal the election from Trump and give it to Hillary and the US Military does a coup on the Clinton Administration successfully?
Suppose I sent a text on WhatsApp to my friend. It shows a single tick. Then I blocked the friend and unblocked him. Will he receive my messages, which were showing a single tick before I blocked him?
What are the pros and cons of living in New York City?
How can I get MOOC/E-learning through online Web and Video courses related to Inventory Management developed by Indian professorial/professors?
What's it like to work on the growth and engagement team for Airbnb?
Why do teachers use red ink pens and students blue or black ink pens?
How would the Mahabharata changed if Karna and Arjuna changed their positions?
What are statutory services and non-statutory services? How do they differ?
What is the third largest island in the Malay Archipelago, and how does its wildlife compare to Kiritimati's?
Can I make bread with only flour and water without yeast, baking powder, baking soda or oil?
What is the difference between scheduled caste (SC) and scheduled tribe (ST) ? How government has classified tribes and caste into it?
Will we lose net neutrality again and what would happen if we did?
How do I avoid the flu and colds in cold weather?
I am learning Laboratory, but I found more interesting Physics, Logic and CS (artificial intelligence),why is that? Why don't I find interesting Lab?
Which has more stiff competition and less selection rates : AIPMT OR AIPGMEE?
What do you think about police and Customs working vehicle stops together?
What should I do if my Ex threatens me and messages my father screenshots of all our chats?
If you were given a billion dollars and asked to spend it in one day how would you spend it?
What would be the sample size formula for knowledge, attitude and practice of mother's regarding breastfeeding in a government hospital.?
I'm a TCS employee. I came back from LWP, finished my MBA from a tier 1 college and I have 7.3 years of experience. What can I expect my revised compensation to be?
Is there any difference between adsorption and absorption? What makes it different?
Has anyone living in Kongka La Ladakh and using Quora seen a UFO?
How can I get a six pack and how long would it take?
What is a good inpatient drug and alcohol rehab center in Lawrence County IL?
What is the color of patch of iron-zinc, iron-magnesium and iron-copper observed on metal coupling?
How can Gotham, Metropolis and New York exist in the same universe?
My wife has been out of town for 2 weeks. We just moved and I straighten up the house. What could I do to surprise her?
Almost two weeks in on Prozac, why do I still feel antisocial and still don't want to go to events? Why does my social behavior and mood change daily?
Why are there no different signs and symbols in math like the language in this world?
Are softwares like SolidWorks, CATIA and Pro E for different applications? Which is the best one? Why?
Yahoo! (company): What departments and how many staff does Yahoo! employ in Toronto office?
What are the strongest majors in terms of job prospects and what are the weakest majors at Valdosta State?
In Spite of having all the infrastructure and Technology to become a Nuclear Triad, Why France is not a Nuclear Triad?
What is the conceptual difference between the U.S. government\u2019s fiscal policy and the U.S. Federal Reserve\u2019s monetary policy?
Is there a facility to get the incoming and outgoing call log of a particular BSNL number?
You talk about routine, when you played professionally what was your pre point routine and what mental state did that enable you to be in?
Who are some lesser known important historical figures of Guam and what should people know about them?
Is it feasible to learn web development and data science simultaneously?
Do global top management consulting firms like McKinsey, BCG, Strategy& and Bain only hire from top MBA schools like IIMs, ISB, XLRI and FMS in India?
What are all the things for sale in Pok\u00e9mon GO and how do they relate to gameplay?
Why do men wear wrist watches on their left hand, and women on their right hand?
What are the best ways to deal with conservative and conventional thinking parents?
My family wants me to find a girl to marry, but I don't want to, and if I say I'm gay, they will \"kill\" me, but I want to live a long life. What should I do/say?
I completely changed the design, content, and built out a basic drupal website. How can I describe my experience with html?
Web Design: How Land developers sells their plots, sites and layouts at such a low price in Bangalore?
Why do Europeans scold Americans for calling football soccer? When the British named it soccer, and called it by such for 20 years before changing it?
Why do Indian actresses pose in men's magazines like FHNM India, Maxim India, and GQ in skimpy clad clothes and then say that women are objectified by men?
When did we start measuring time in seconds? Who decided what duration will be one second? Why did we divide an hour in 60 minutes and a minute in 60 seconds? Why not 100 minutes or 100 seconds? How did this system come to exist?
What are the latest advances for the use of tables and memory swapping from memory to disk and other advances in memory management?
1,1,2,2,2,2,3,3,3,3,3,3\u2026 and so on. what is sum of the series of first 1000 term?
How can you compare and contrast a sonogram and a ultrasound?
Is it possible to contact Universal Studios and submit an idea for a movie freely? If not, what can I do with it?
What do I do, if I like someone and I think they like me back?
How do I get permission to use pictures from games and gameplay for a review website I am about to start?
If AI could create simulates on how advanced technology works and had infinite computer power could we create anything with technology?
How can you study in Canada without paying a lot of money and what are the universities that charge students less?
I am expecting a score of 22 in XAT 2016. I scored 11 in DM, 5.75 in quant and 5.25 in VA. I am in the general category. Are XIMB (HRM) and IMT G possible with this score?
I want to create (in my country) online platform connecting homeowners and professionals in design and construction. What is the best way to start?
What is the specialization in sugar and Alchohol in chemical engineering?
How can I know that I am fit for sex and can please a woman if I never had sex in my life?
What are the pros and cons of signing up with Uber?
What are the advantages and disadvantages of non-removable batteries and removable batteries?
What is the difference between red blood and dark red blood in the human body?
What laptops have M.2 NVMe SSD? If not, how come and what are the best (internal and external) SSDs available to laptops?
Where can I found best workman and the best products for office painting in Baulkham Hills?
How do people become machines and time becomes money in business?
What is the difference between a research question and a research hypothesis? State an example within empirical software engineering research.
What would you do if God was real and hated people like me for lacking faith and supporting religious tolerance, LGBT rights and abortion?
What is the least painful and best way to commit suicide?
Can I learn programming at the age of 31 and become successful. I am mostly interested in webscrapping and data analysis?
If all the previous U.S. presidents were alive and running for office in 2012, who would win?
Exactly how many people did the Britishers massacre and how much wealth did they plunder during their 200-year reign in India?
Hi astrologer ! Can anyone tell me about my health,career and marriage? My Birth date is 22/06/1992 , Time: 6:36 AM at Aurangabad,Maharashtra
Why do company's like McDonalds and Gatorade even have commercials and advertisements?
If a war between India and China happens will India be able to win?
Will Galaxy Note 7 explosions set Samsung behind Apple and iPhone 7 in the holiday season?
What is random fertilization, and how does it contribute to variation within species?
What was Uttank Kaul's JEE Main and Advanced Rank and why was he offered MIT?
How do I start learning machine learning and data science using python?
If I want to learn programming by my own, where should I start, what should I pick, and what is the best media I can find (audiobook, read or else?)
Purchased a packed food item from a superstore in a mall and when I opened it at home, it turned out to be rancid ,stale now what should I do ?
What is the best way to tell my friends and parents that I am gay?
My height is 5.5 and my weight is 42.i am 17years?
How does one edit an answer in Quora? I was not finished and was not allowed to write any more.
Why is Sehwag so damn irritating and why do people & media glorify his lameness?
Will the value of rupee increase after the 500 and 1000 rupees notes are banned?
Will Angela Merkel resign after Munich and the Wurzburg train attack?
I have a 2 wheeler and double car parking below my flat. A guy today moved my 2 wheeler, which was on center stand and locked to the right side of the garage. What should I do?
What does it mean when a boy and a girl talk all night daily?
Is dark matter matter and dark energy energy? Since matter can convert to energy, are both dark matter and dark energy considered a form of energy?
Is it possible to charge and get charged from a power bank at the same time?
What is an operating system that is Simple and gives me full access to all files and doesn't track me but can run .exe files?
Which are the major highways in California and how are they compared to the major highways in Ohio?
Why does my vagina smell fishy after intercourse and a man has ejaculated inside me?
How long would it take for electricity to stop and the internet to go offline if humans disappeared?
What are the phones that work on both CDMA and GSM carriers simultaneously in the United States?
What is the difference between a sampling distribution and the distribution of a sample?
Why do people become therapists and what is their true role.
Why is water gas (mixture of hydrogen gas and carbon monoxide)  called as water gas?
Is it better to study and live in Norway or Finland?
What new information did Watson and Crick contribute to science? How did it impact science?
Since accents are such a strong indicator of social class and education in the UK, why doesn't everyone just fake it and talk like the Prince and Princess of Wales?
How do I create a strategic partnership if I only have a business plan for a niche market and need to use a companies products to develop my own?
Why do the British Army and Royal Marines use the SA80?
Would you rather be smart and rich or beautiful and social?
How can we differentiate water and other liquid solvents by using ice?
What is the nearest airport to Daytona Beach, and how do this cities tourist attractions compare to Columbus'?
Is it possible to gain muscle without using supplements and steroids? If yes, what is the diet plan then?
What are the packages and benefits offered by Amazon, Microsoft, Oracle and other top CS/IT Core companies at MIT Manipal this year (2014)?
Why can't A-A missiles be used against ground targets and A-G missiles against air targets?
I have re-installed Windows XP - using the original install disk - and in that process I have lost my sound card driver. I can\u00b4t seem to get it back. Any ideas how to get a new installed?
What's the difference between a 4th generation and a 5th generation iPod Nano?
I am a 37 year old single Indian man living in the Bay Area trying to meet women. Can some one advise me how and where to meet single women that are open to dating a guy from India? Thanks
What is the importance of load flow analysis and short circuit analysis in the study of power systems? Why are these two necessary?
What is the best Harry Potter movie and why? Is it also your favorite? Why or why not?
How do I get my daughter to see that her first and only boyfriend is a loser?
How do you start your own FM radio station, and how much would it cost?
How can I expand my vocabulary, and improve my writing skills in English?
Who would win a war between China and Japan and how would the confrontation look like?
I prepared well for JEE Mains 2016, and even got 250+ scores in mock tests but still I messed it up and will get 170-180. What should I do now?
After the launch of PM Jan Dhan Yojana, what is the total number of bank account holders in India today, both old and new combined? Also how many more accounts need to be opened to cover all families in India?
What are the 10 best things and the 10 worst things about being an airline pilot?
Is it possible for a girl to grow at the age of 23. Will Hanging, stretching exercise and consuming Ashwagandha powder help to increase height?
How can we be so sure that only credentials of Topcoder and Github are required to get into a product-based company?
How can I get the girl I like using the law of attraction and also using self affirmations?
What happens in heaven when a person and his or her first spouse, and his or her second spouse are all reunited?
How do I know that a person understands and truly empathizes to our worries?
Should we read the books first and then watch the movie, or watch the movie first and then read the books?
I've been on a couple first dates, but I'm finally going on a date with this girl and I really like her. Where should we go for our first date?
I once visited the deep web. Now I'm reading some very scary stories about TOR and the dark web. I'm afraid. How can I stay safe while exploring this network?
My hand was fractured (at left knee) when i was 11 years old. Now my age is 16 and I've no problem with that hand. Am I eligible for nda?
Where is Mount Villarica located and how does its eruptive history compare to Mount Nyiragongo?
Where do I find the Mashup video in which there are cut scenes of Barack and Michelle Obama expressing their love?
Why would a Qantas airplane flying from Brisbane to Perth not follow a straight line route and rather follow the route as shown in the picture? Will it not make sense to travel straight and save time and fuel?
What is the difference between last seen and last activity on Skype?
How do I verify my Facebook account and send the code to my new phone number?
Why does good things happen to bad people and why bad things happen to good people?
What are the best places in and around Mumbai to go for a romantic date?
Does a person who was born blind have dreams, and what do they dream of.?
Which is preferred for a number of 8 minus and 12 hours of study use: lenses or spectacles?
How can I see the comments and likes of a specific Facebook friend?
What kind of training and experience do the IAS trainees gain?
Is there any difference between, \"I very hard\" and \"I'm very hard\"? Does it have a grammar problem?
Is there an online broker that allows UK and US citizens to trade UK and US stocks?
How do I know if my best friend(she) loves me and has not realized it yet?
I'm applying for UK Tier 2 (General) visa together with my wife and daughter for their dependent visas. Will there be any problem if they go to the UK 6 months after their visa is ready?
What are the major differences between an IIT and a non IIT Civil Engineer graduate?
What is the difference between a per annum interest rate and an interest rate as a percentage?
Why does it make one feel better to hurt, cut and pull out their hair when stressed?
Do parents know if their children have no love for them and would they even care in the first place?
Which is the best city to settle down and why: Mumbai, Pune or Bangalore (Bengaluru)?
Where can I get very affordable fire test and inspection service in Sydney?
If there is two mobile phone one has qHD (960x540) with Amoled Display and other Phone has HD (1280x720) with TFT so which phone has better display?
How would would it take to travel between Munich and Moscow with velocity of HDD rotation?
Why can I only speak my mind and not have a front?
What is the best way to help a \"lost\" and unmotivated 20-year-old son?
Why don't I see my questions details and why every time I ask one does it need improvement? New to Quora
Can I use my Quora account with over 100,000 views and 1,000 upvotes to impress someone to hire me for a job?
What is it like flying from Bangkok to Manila and how are these touristic cities compared to Karachi?
Why are Americans so obsessed with money and status when life is so painfully short?
What's the difference between a linear and a non linear mechanic?
Is it okay to have sex with other people while on a break if you and your partner are still sexually active?
Which company among Amazon, Microsoft, Oracle, Yahoo! and Goldman Sachs is best to work for in India?
What is the difference between a hedge fund and an investment boutique?
Can you explain me what is the meaning of a gilt fund. What is the best way to use a gilt fund and how long does one ideally stay invested in these?
What is the difference between a salient pole and a cylindrical pole rotor?
What were the most important causes and effects of the Louisiana purchase?
I want to decrease my thigh and buttock sizes very, very badly. How do I do it?
I was good in studies till 10 igot 9.4 CGPA then I went to Kota and failed in 12th I am depressed totally broken what should I do?
Where can I found huge range of jumping castles and other amusement products in Adelaide?
Would it be possible to print a different currency and then buy all of their valuables, leaving them in a state of inflation?
I've been playing trumpet for 8 years and it\u2019s just not as fun as it used to be, what should I do?
Why is Java so successful and popular as a programming language?
I got AIR 617 in a NEST 2016. The cutoff is 90 and I got 107 marks. What are my chances of securing a seat in any of the two institutes?
Can I buy Ashok Leyland shares at 90 and hold it for 6 months for better returns?
I want to do my MS abroad, but I could not write the GRE in July and I am starting to prepare now. Is it too late for me to apply this year?
How painful is it to lose a limb and what could it be compared to?
What is the meaning of positive, negative and zero sequence components of voltage or current?
I am in a serious relationship and I love him till death but we are from different religions. I love my parents too and I am hiding it from them. What should I do?
Could I buy the Verizon version of the Google Pixel and have it work on AT&T just as well as if I bought the AT&T version?
Frontline's doc showed that Trump was a terrible businessman and only rescued by bankers. Why do people still believe that he's a good businessman?
What are suitable methods and processes of foundation construction for multi storey buildings and basement including description of resources used?
My friends are going to leave hostel and I will be left alone. How can I survive?
What do Indians think about these men, Asaduddin Owaisi and his brother Akbaruddin Owaisi?
Do I still pay the U.S. corporate tax If I have an online business and bank of the foreign country I live in?
Which is the longest roller coaster in the United Kingdom and how does it compare to the longest in France?
How credible is science daily website, especially their health and medicine with their news about nano medicine and stem cell breakthrough?
What are the most interesting products and innovations that Apollo Commercial is coming out with in 2016?
What should I do if my best friend keeps asking me if she is pretty and telling me that many boys hit on her?
I want to be an anchor. I already hosted 2 events professionally and lots of events in college. How can I build my career in this field? How do I start, and what do I need to do for this?
My girlfriend has told me that she was in a mentally and sexually abusive relationship before me. I want to help her out, how should I go about that?
As president, will Hillary Clinton continue sending weapons into Syria and arming ISIS to destroy the Syrian government?
Why didn't Quora roll out stats all at once, and why is there a delay where some users see their stats and some don't?
I just got a parking ticket in San Francisco for staying 2 hours and 12 minutes in a 2 hour time limit zone. How did they know when I parked?
What are some examples of renewable and nonrenewable sources of energy?
Do you use a Chromebook and are you happy with it?
How do I solve this problem? Sketch the output voltage for the network and determine the component of DC voltage across R3.
Why would you read a Facebook message and then mark it unread a day later?
Royalty: Why did Diana become a princess when she married Prince Charles and Kate didn't when she married Prince William?
If a variable plane from a tetrahedron of a constant volume with the coordinate plane xy, yz, and zx, can you find the locus of the centroid of a tetrahedron?
What is a chemical compounder and what are examples of them?
How do porn stars, adult entertainers and adult entertainment enthusiasts become independent contractors?
If the Byzantine Empire had maintained its territory and spread orthodox Christianity in it as the world would today?
What are some of the most \"valuable\" red cards ever received? i.e. when the player has stopped a 100 percent goal, and the opposition has not managed to score the next ball (be it a penalty, or a normal free kick).
Why do people call me Genius and I don't feel like one?
What are the legal separation laws in PA and how do they compare with the ones in Maine?
What are some pros and cons of voter ID in the US?
What is the Lewis structure of SiF4, and how does it compare to that of oxygen?
Is \"Common elements between the American Revolution and the French revolution and their significance.\" a viable research topic for a 1500 word essay?
What is the difference between a grade of A+ and an A at the University of Illinois?
Is mortgaging your house and a home equity loan the same thing?
Which one is better for IES coaching between Made Easy and I.E.S. Master for Civil guys?
It's said there are 10^80 atoms in the universe. Does this include antimatter and dark matter or is not enough known about those to quantify them?
I started watching soccer/football recently and I really like it. Which club or league should I start watching?
What does the Vanguard Group do, and who are their most important clients?
Are girlfriends or wives really as lovable and supporting as they're shown in TVF Pitchers?
How do you choose between a V8 and a V6 engine when buying a truck?
What should I do if I am working hard and still getting bad rank in IITJEE mock tests? (please read description)?
How do I determine the front and back pitch of a wave winding of DC machine?
What are some mind blowing bike gadgets and technologies that most people should have?
Is CS 182 (Intelligent Machines: Reasoning, Actions, and Plans) worth taking at Harvard?
What is the effect of angle of attack and trim ongle on racing boat stability? How can we cope with it?
Why doesn't Tata DoCoMo provide a good range facility, good network coverage and good internet speed as that of Idea, Airtel or Vodafone?
What is the difference between l menthol and dl menthol in applications, flavor and aroma?
What is it like to work in finance and accounting your entire life, starting in your 30s?
What is the average cost for producing a TV show, and where would I find more TV cost figures?
I heard there was a legal dispute between CFA US and CFA India and CFA India is guided to stop awarding CFA degrees for the new candidates. Is it true?
What are the various debating events and conferences taking place in iit?
Who are some lesser known important historical figures of North Korea and what should people know about them?
Wasn't it greatest Tragedy that Karnas own brother Shani dev had to give karna Hard time and Their Father had to see Disastrous life of Karna?
What is the difference between \"droplet\" and \"airborne\" means of transmission?
How does the demonetisation of 500 and 1000 INR notes impact the Dollar to INR rate?
I have a Bsc in microbiology and I want to go for my masters degree and am thinking of two options either public health or clinical and infectious disease. Which of the option is more advisable for me to go for?
If I miss my departing flight, can I take another one way flight and still make it on the return leg of the trip I initially purchased?
My guy got upset with me because I saw my birthday gift before he presented it to me. We got into an argument and I left the gifts. He has ignored me for a month. What should I do?
Why can't India secretly invade Pakistan and kill Dawood like US killed Osama?
What is a \"sizzler\" and where did this dish originate from?
What should I do if I get bored and ask stupid questions in Quora?
What is the salary for build and release engineer with 5 year experience?
How does Ian Fleming, Tom Clancy and Robert Ludlum compare as authors?
Why do so many people think Uber isn't a taxi company, and how does it differ from e.g. private hire cars (mini-cabs) in the UK?
Which is a better option for signal processing (multimedia and artificial intelligence): NCSU or USC?
I'm 21,Indian. I am in love with a European girl and Now we want to meet .Please help?
What difference has NEET PG made as all the private medical PG seats are still out of reach and number of government PG seats remain same as before?
How do I treat ticks in rabbits? Local vets have no experience and most dog/cat tick medicine is lethal to rabbits
My micromachining tablet doesn't have any volume keys and gets stuck while starting I need to format it what should I do?
How were New Horizons, Rosetta, Mars missions, and Juno aimed at their respective planets?
Who did the song at the end of the BBC's 'Gamechangers' film about GTA and Rockstar? Or was it composed especially for that film?
Assume a firm has a Cobb-Douglas production function Y=L^0.5 K^0.5 (^=at the power of). Assume [w] wage=  dollar 1, [r] rental= dollar 2 and price of output [p] = dollar 5 and firm has linear cost function. What is the marginal product of capital (MPK) and the marginal product of labor (MPL) for the firm?
What is the difference between equity and debt in mutual funds?
What are the main causes for gel nails to bubble and how do you prevent it from happening?
Why do I see things blurred with one eye and I see ok with the other?
What are the best job fairs near Queens? When and where are they held? What were your experiences at them?
Should the US follow France's lead and ban plastic plates, cups, and utensils?
I\u2019m male, 74 kg, 5'7 tall and have a 37 inch waist, am I fat?
I have grown a lot in recent years! And by this I mean my ass has really grown a lot. People ridicule me in college. They call me BigAss! I am on medication and it will take time to get normal. But how do I make my friends understand this thing?
What would happened if Nazis never invaded Soviet Union and the Soviet Union join the Axis?
How is the movie \u2018Your Name\u2019 more popular and rated higher than some of the Hollywood movies?
Is there a correlation between level of intelligence and how resistant you are to offence?
I work in an MNC and I earn 30k per month. It's been 8 months that I have started my career and I am just 23 years old. Now, I would like to be an entrepreneur and I'm planning to establish a business with my friend. Should I continue my job or head towards the business?
How long have the British ruled India? What made them conquer India, and what made them finally leave India?
I just broke up with my boyfriend for the second time. We were together for a year and I loved him. Why aren't I thinking about him or obsessing over him?
Why does it seem that there are a lot of liberals on Quora, and that most of them claim to be \"tolerant\" yet do nothing but condemn conservatism?
Which blind spots does the science have or propagate, project, propel and propaganda for/towards its followers/fellows(hip)?
Do parents become jealous when they see others' sons and daughters are more successful than their own?
If a swarm of bees were flying towards you and you shot a bullet at them, would it kill some of the bees?
What is the average weight, height and penis size for a 14 year old?
If Elliot Rodger hadn't committed suicide, and was still alive, what charges would he have faced, and what would his sentence be?
What is the best solution to the prevention and removal of blackheads?
How does Zakaria differentiate between \u201cdemocracy\u201d and \u201cliberty\u201d? Do you find this distinction useful? Why or why not?
If you could meet any famous person in history who would it be and why? What questions would you ask him/her?
Why do some people attack Donald Trump's private sex life and try to link it to his public political life?
Why do some women, including myself, love gay male erotic fan fiction? I download and read a lot of this, as do people I interact with on Twitter. Surely, it would make more sense to like hetro or lesbian fanfic?
I am 135 pound (~62kg) and 5'2''. How fat am I and how can I lose my hip and tummy?
Can you use a electroshock device in Watch Dogs and Watch Dogs 2 series to cause an explosion?
Why do we feel thirsty and dry if we sleep in an ac room?
How are the Special Branch and the MI5 different in terms of their duties?
How do I convince a girl who is not interested in a relationship because of the previous experiences and for the sake of her father but says I am more than a friend to her and she loves me?
If someone threatens to kill you than shows up at your house and you shoot him is it murder or self defense? Why?
What are the most common traffic convictions in Arkansas, and how does the severity of the convictions differ in Connecticut?
Is it correct to say that business is the art of exploiting people and that this is basically what is taught in business schools?
What cultural value does the Asian elephant have in southern China nowadays, and how does this benefit their conservation?
Mumbai: Between Dawood ibrahim and Bal Thackery, who was more powerful?
Do you know Google security is going to be come the most sought after topic in recent future and I am going to cover it on my blog www.socialchaal?
Is there a website where I can find out how much it costs the car companies to build their cars and how much the dealership actually pays for each car?
Why should we know the use of binary, decimal, octal and hexadecimal number systems?
If you promise your spouse, \"We'll have five kids and raise them in X religion\" and then change your mind after the second child is born and decide to raise them according to a different religion, and to not have any more kids, have you betrayed your spouse?
How can I get job in automotive industry in US and how much package can I expect with 4 years of experience in automotive engine control?
Can we hibernate like in the movie Passengers and not age and travel to another planet?
What was the significance of the battle of Somme, and how did this battle compare and contrast to the Battle of Salla?
What happens to us if we are inside a free falling lift and jump just before it hits the ground?
I have recently made a song named Patriot and I want to make it viral. What are some methods to do this?
I am a Nepalese student. Can I study B.Sc physics from Calcutta university and PhD in astrophysics from IIA, Banglore or NCRA-TIFR Pune?
Did you know both Aboriginal Australians and Melanesians are the oldest civilisations on Earth?
Why can't reactive metals such as Ti and Al be produced by aqueous electrolysis?
What's the harmful ingredient in Coca-Cola, and is it in Coca-Cola Zero?
What are the strongest majors in terms of job prospects and what are the weakest majors at Armstrong State?
What is the difference between electrical engineering and electronics and electrical communication engineering?
What is a good inpatient drug and alcohol rehab center in Butler County IA?
I got GRE score of 295 (142 verbal, 153 quant, 3 AWA) and TOEFL-92 (2 years of research experience in CSIR-IICT lab).Is there any chance for PhD in US?
I feel like I'm something bigger than this body, and am repulsed with the idea of someone referring to me as a body. Why?
Why do intelligent people and the media hate Donald Trump so much?
What are the best and easiest ways to learn web development and JavaScript quickly?
Which of the food items should be taken and avoided to reduce belly fat?
If you could go back in time and change one thing, what would you choose?
Why did Princess Leia have a British accent in 'A New Hope', and why did she lose that accent halfway through the movie?
I want to buy a laptop with 8GB of RAM, a 2/4GB graphics card, core i7 or i5, and 5th generation Linux. What are some suggestions?
What is steric attraction and steric repulsion? Can someone fully explain it and provide some examples?
What is the difference between \"in\" and \"of\" in the following sentence?
I am a super fat guy (149 kg). My height is 5 feet and 2 inches. Can I ever get a girlfriend?
Is the sound any good if you sit at the rock concert and are at the back of the hall or do you get muffled sound or echo?
Is it possible to prepare for IAS and bank exams at same time?
What is your take on the proverb \"time and tide waits for none\"?
How should I (an electrical engineering student) proceed towards learning computer architecture and microprocessors (just by making projects related to these topics or first going through theory from books and then going for projects) if I am going to make my career in the VLSI front end design?
I am using a Windows 7 Ultimate genuine copy. How and when can I migrate to Windows 10?
Why is it risky to drink beer after whisky, and why is it OK to drink whisky after beer?
I need a laptop which is less than 70000 for video editting and web development in a magazine which one should I prefer?
Why do Episcopalians pray the rosary, and what does it mean to do so?
Why do people dance on Mahamantra and when it' started or where it is originated from?
Need  some advice on SEO for my website. Can you check my website and tell me what can I change to achieve a top ranking on Google?
Generally speaking, how is the quality of sales, marketing, and business development job applicants on AngelList?
Is it possible to make your hands (fingers) faster and more comfortable to play on guitar by any medical treatment?
Why do solids have a fixed shape, while liquids and gases can take the shape of their container?
What kind of breathing techniques (pranayam) and yoga should I do if I have a hiatus hernia?
What are your views on Modi governments decision to demonetize 500 and 1000 rupee notes? How will this affect economy?
What is the scope of an electronics and communications engineer in India?
Which is a good inpatient drug and alcohol rehab center in Columbia County AR?
My new WhatsApp number still being used by the previous user; I was added to all her groups and her account's blocked settings migrated into mine. How do I solve this? How do I ensure she's not receiving messages meant for me?
What was the significance of the battle of Somme, and why is someone inanely trying to compare this with random battles by spamming all over Quora?
What is a good inpatient drug and alcohol rehab center near Leon County FL?
I love my best friend but she said she don't have feelings for me.I really love her and I dont want anyone else in my lyf. What should I do now?
What is the scope after mba in port and shipping management?
How can you date an athletic girl, and your not athletic?
I was talking with a guy for a while and it was clear we were a \"thing\". When school started he wouldn't answer my texts and had begun avoiding me. What would be a good way to proceed?
What is it like flying from Bangkok to Manila and how are these touristic cities compared to Jakarta?
How do I mute all Indians from my feed, and follow some instead of vice-versa?
Does Google have plans to compete with Microsoft and Amazon in cloud computing? What are they?
I got AIR 617 in a NEST 2015. The cutoff is 90 and I got 107 marks. What are my chances of securing a seat in any of the two institutes?
I am studying for a diploma in engineering in computer science and technology. How can I become a professional ethical hacker?
How can one start developing a chat bot using machine learning and natural language processing from scratch?
I'm searching for a WordPress FAQ plugin that allows multilanguage FAQs and import/export so that I can import huge FAQ's in 10 languages. Any idea?
What is it like to work at the Bill and Melinda Gates Foundation?
Is it necessary to learn vedic maths and spending time on short tricks for cat 2016 exam?
Are there any alternatives to the von Neumann and Harvard architectures? Where could I go to learn in depth about them?
My I-140 is approved, have my H1B ext beyond 6 years and is valid until 2019. New employer will file GC only after a year. What are the issues?
What skills should I master to become a top developer and get a best salary in the next 5 years ?
How do you say \"Are you willing to come to my country and meet me?\" in simplified Chinese?
What is S1, S2, S3, S4, S5 and S6 in regards to the U.S. Army?
Is Bangalore Knowledge Park CDAC Centre good in terms of placements and teaching for embedded course CDAC?
Would it be easier, faster and more economical to hitch a ride on comets, asteroids or such objects traveling across space, for intergalactic and interstellar space travel, rather than using a self propelled spacecraft all the way?
What is the difference between a data lake and a data management platform?
What would happen if I hacked into Google and uploaded my selfie as the Google Doodle?
Device I don't know about accesed my Google account and got acces to everything personal in my mail. I changed my password. How should I proceed?
How do I get driving license in India for driving Volvo air bus, lorry and truck? Where can I learn driving bus, lorry and truck in Chennai?
If you publish an eBook on KDP (Amazon Kindle Publishing) and do nothing to promote it (basically, just upload and walk away) should you expect any sales?
What is the difference between INA, IMA, AFA and OTA? How are the candidates screened through CDS?
What are the strongest majors in terms of job prospects and what are the weakest majors at West Texas A&M?
What is suggested diet and exercise plan for me to reduce my tummy and face fat?
Why does Quora not realize that if it forces us to follow questions we add an answer to by default, and hence gives us a notification every time anyone adds an answer to any question we've ever answered in our life, then eventually we'll start choosing \"mark as read\" for all notifications?
What is the longest roller coaster in the United Kingdom and how does it compare to the longest roller coaster in Norway?
Why do rich countries like Finland, Sweden and Canada have the highest suicide rates?
Can you become less shy, and become more socially confident? If so, how?
Do I have to memorize the z values, t values, chi-square values and f-test values for statistical distributions for CFA level 1 exam?
How will changing currency notes of 500 INR and 1000 INR affect poor and illetarate people in India?
What is the difference between structural and behavioural data flow modelling in Verilog?
They say it takes a long time to reach distant objects in space. Don't we age slower when travelling fast, and couldn't this remove the constraint of age from distant space travel?
With 1kg dumbbells how many sets and reps should I do to get lean, toned arms?
Is there a way to vote questions up and down on Quora? If not, why not?
What are some heartwarming and touching manga which makes anyone cry? I have read \u201cBitter Virgin\" and \u201cKoe no Katachi\" and both of them made cry a alot. Please give some suggestions.
Who really has all the power and directs the critical decisions of the Universe?
I'm a 32 year old healthy mom of two.. I stay active .. I am only 5\u20323\u2033 and I weigh 155 lbs, is this considered overweight even though I look great?
I'm a 31 year-old software developer that likes art, science, skiing, and hiking. I also like off-the-beaten-path towns, perhaps in Montana. Any recommendations?
Our startup has an exciting announcement to make about one of our first partnership deals and that company making an investment as well. Is there a checklist or step by step guide of \"to-dos\" for announcing?
I need a pet. I'm allergic to cats and dogs. What are some suggestions of pets I could own?
For ME engg graduates, how do I prepare for the ISRO SC exam? What all subjects and materials do I have to prepare? How do I crack the interview?
Who should Republicans that hate Trump and live in a Blue State vote for?
The expiration date for President Obama, Secretaries Clinton and Kerry, approaches soon. What makes you think that they can ever be \"fresh\" again?
Does EVERYONE experience Frisson? (chills and goosebumps) sometimes when listening to music? Or is it not all people and only some?
What is AI for you and what is the future of AI?
What did T.S. Elliot mean when he wrote, \"We must not cease from exploration and the end of all our exploring will be to arrive where we began and to know the place for the first time.\"?
Why did Harley Quinn and the Joker dive in a barrel of acid?
What is Islamic banking and why does the RBI want it in India?
How should one write and execute C & C++ code, ideally?
What are 3 sects of Judaism? How were they established and how are they different from Judaism?
Is it bad or good to mix pure milk with honey and drink it every morning?
Which is a good inpatient drug and alcohol rehab center near Peach County GA?
If your truck is your love and you crash your truck, did you crash your love?
If people invest less in mortgages and instead rent homes wont that help reduce inflation?
What are the strongest majors in terms of job prospects and what are the weakest majors at William Paterson University?
If the FBI is investigating Donald Trump, should James Comey now step forward and tell America a little about that investigation?
Should I major in Computer Science and minor in Business or major in Finance and minor in Computer Science?
What's the difference between Conditional probability and Bayes's theorem? How to know when to apply related concept?
What are the advantages and disadvantages of a USB record player?
If I hit a plateau in my workout where I am microloading and doing 11-13 reps, should I start lifting heavier for less reps?
Can anyone give an example from their own experience where and how dynamic allocated memory is used in C++?
What are some good Git processes and commands for code review?
I cant understand algorithms and data structures. How can I learn algorithms and data structures in a simple way?
Is it possible to mix powdered coal with petrol and use it as fuel? Does it work?
Are there any Wordpress themes that have a user editable CMS that is drag and drop like Wix, Weebly or Squarespace?
I installed clash of clans on my Android phone. Due to some reason I boot my phone and now I am not able to install it again. What should I do?
How can we instill patriotism in kids and youth of our country India?
How much water is there in and under the earth's crust?
Is the magic done by magicians like Dynamo and Criss Angel real or is it just tricks? Does magic really exist?
I am looking for an online sport betting site where betting 1 to 5 dollars is allowed. Are BetOnline and Bovada legit sites? Is there any other site recommend for US sport betting?
Which is a suitable inpatient drug and alcohol rehab center in Adams County IL?
Is it true that Dresden and Weimar had no important military targets and the Allies only bombed / destroyed these cities to see dead Germans?
What are some examples of \"lift and shift\" application migration to AWS?
How can I learn Photoshop and create amazing designs and arts?
What are some new topics in computer science and engineering for seminar in final year?
What chemical reactions occur when nitric acid and sodium hydroxide are mixed?
I am getting 485-490 marks in neet 2 domicile U.P. and genral categoey please tell can I get any goverment college in india?
What is a residue in complex analysis, how do we find it through the Laurent series of a function and what\u2019s the intuition behind finding it this way?
What time do you go to sleep every night and what time do you wake up?
How do use both connection wifi and lan in Windows 10?
Which are some of the conferences you visit and how effective was the networking for you in those conferences?
I told a girl that's in a relationship that I liked her and she says she never know what's going to happen to her relationship. What does that mean?
Which is a suitable inpatient drug and alcohol rehab center in Adair County IA?
When I was 9, I put a friend's penis in my mouth while he was sleeping. I'm 28 now and still feel really guilty about it. Is this normal or not?
Where can you hire the best PHP, Asp.net and mobile apps developer at a low cost in India?
How do transubstantiation and consubstantiation differ, and how are they similar?
How should I start preparing for JEE MAINS and BITSAT with only one year left?
How many days a week should a 23-year-old male, do cardio and weight exercises if the aim is to be fit with having good muscle and strength? What should be his workout plan?
What are the most interesting products and innovations that General Communications is coming out with in 2016?
I love my best friend romantically, but I am confused about whether he also loves me. Sometimes he makes me feel like a princess and sometimes he just can't stop talking about his other crushes. What should I do? Should I tell him clearly or wait?
I am new to programming and I've only written some code on C# and C++. I want to learn JS and I found Codecademy.What should I start first with?
'The girl I like will not like me but the girls I doesn't like will like me and chase me like anything.Correct it please in a good sentence?
How much will my car insurance cost now that I am 17 and got my license, and have a car that was given to me by someone.?
Yaniv is a great travel game because it's easy to teach and many players can play at once. What are some other great card games for travelers?
Why can't I breathe and why do I feel so weak?
MythBusters (TV series): Will Jamie Hyneman and Adam Savage continue to work together on Tested.com or at M5 Industries?
Why does India have open border with Nepal and Bhutan but not with Pakistan and Bangladesh?
How do I get myself to become motivated and just study all the time?
Do Harry Cleaver's book \"Reading Capital Politically\" and David Harvey's books make a good companion to Marx's Capital?
How can I change my address and mobile number in my Aadhaar card?
If X[/math] and Y[/math] are two independent discrete random variables such that X\\sim\\text{Bin}(n,p)[/math] and Y\\sim\\text{Bin}(m,p)[/math]. How do I interpret Z=X+Y\\sim\\text{Bin}(m+n,p)[/math] as the sum of two functions X[/math] and Y[/math] ?
Should the role / mission of Historically Black Colleges and Universities (HBCU's) change or adapt to the needs of 21st century communities and students?
My friend and his girlfriend had a massive fight. He considers me his only understanding friend (which I am) and he told me about it. Can someone please help (I'm confused)?
I don't have a bank account, so far I managed my life without out it and with using cash, should I continue doing it?
What blogs or websites have the best tutorials and how-to videos on car mechanics and car maintenance?
Is it easy to create a piece of lazy modern art and sell it for  dollar 10,000,000?
Why was the swastika (a symbol of luck and prosperity for thousands of years) used as the nazi symbol?
I am a 24 year old bald, fat, hairy, ugly, lazy guy. I have heard some of my phony relatives tell that I am not going to get married at all and some other caring ones tell me that I should get married quickly before I becoming completely bald. Should I do something or ignore them?
I want to know what steps to take in creating a website which collects global emergency and disaster based information from other sites?
I have scored 76 (normalized score) in TANCET MBA 2016 and I belong to OC category. What are my chances of getting into CEG or MIT campus?
Is MobileXpression App Genuine? Or they just collect our valuable data and block our accounts at the end? Is this App anything a risk to our privacy ?
Is there any source to find out the font size and quality of paper before buying paperback books through online?
If I use Quora content (Answers/blogs) in my dissertation and research article and do not cite them, would it be considered as unethical and plagiarism?
How can I prepare research paper in Automation Engineering? I graduated in 2009 and currently preparing for Graduate Record Examination (GRE).
I am in 7th grade, and work out 5 times per day. I am 115 pounds, male, and 5'5 how many calories should I consume daily?
What could causes blood in the stool of a dog and diarrhea? How is it treated?
Is Algerian GDP really 166 B dollar , knowing that there is a parallel currency market, and the value of dinar is much less than the one showed by the state?
The Bluetooth connection between my iPhone (6+ iOS 8.4) and my Bluetooth headset Sony SBH80 keeps dropping. What do I do?
Is India the most culturally and ethnically diverse nation on planet?
Why do we feel thirsty in the middle of sleep at night that we wake up and drink water before going to bed again?
What is a suitable inpatient drug and alcohol rehab center near Franklin County AL?
What happened between the actor Chandrababu and M. G. Ramachandran? Was M. G. Ramachandran the reason behind Chandrababu's sad life?
Are the UK and USA two of the most influential and powerful countries in the world?
I wish to change my signature for banking work and I have different signature on PAN card. What can I do?
I have 6 years of experience in IT industry and I am being offered a designation of Architect with Syntel US, is it worth it?
How does Beer's Law (A=eLc) work and what does it measure?
Where can I download Arabic/Turkish TV series and English subtitles for them?
What are some habits that smart and highly intelligent people have?
Why has the U.S. been supporting the Vietnam and Philippine claimed ADIZs in South China Sea ?
If a woman has to go to the bathroom while pregnant and there's no available bathroom and she can't hold it, what should she do?
Is it possible that Baltic Sea anomaly and the dark knight satellite have similar architecture/design?
Do you have a Business-Plan to help the poor people earn and also generate some revenue for your company?
Which book is good to learn Spark and Scala for beginners?
Who are the most overrated actors and actresses of all time?
Who are Aghoris? What do they actually do and why do they only come out in public during Kumbhs?
Is there a way to make a persistent search in Facebook's public content, and have the result delivered as a RSS feed?
How can I overcome negative and depressive thoughts and how can I be positive in life?
I hired Penisula accounting to help with accounting needs and they filed an incorrect tax return. Has anyone else had problems with them?
What is a consecutive calendar day and how is it related with the Thai solar calendar?
If I like someone's picture in Facebook and then unlike it will there be any notification in Facebook disclosing me?
What will happen if I eat a heavy breakfast and nothing else in a day for a month?
If I bought an island, could I make it a nation and then declare war on the United States?
What is a live-in relationship? What are the pros and cons of this kind of relationship?
I have a girlfriend, and I don't love her anymore. What do I do?
Does our economy is indirectly controlled by big industrialist and foreign ministries in order to provide them with a market called \"INDIA\"?
What are the most interesting products and innovations that Signature Bank is coming out with in 2016?
What is a suitable inpatient drug and alcohol rehab center near Shelby County IL?
What concessions should America make to placate Russia and end hostilities between the two countries?
What does it mean when someone views your profile on LinkedIn and LinkedIn lists that they have viewed your \"homepage?\"
How many shapes are there in total and do they all have names?
What will be the effects of demonitizing 500 and 1000 rupees notes in Indian economy?
What is the different between tuples and strings in Python and how can you write each one of them?
How different would it have been for both India and Pakistan, if they hadn't separated during independence?
How can I clear the \"mail and attachments\" data in mail on my iPhone and iPad?
Why do some pillars have round cross section and some rectangular cross section?
My Fitbit tracker shows that my sleep is terrible, and I'm freaking out. How do I know it's actually accurate?
Has anyone tried walking in between platforms 9 and 10 at kings cross station? If so, what happened?
When me and my boyfriend argue he can't look at me in the eyes. He just talks and walks around without making eye contact. What does this mean?
What is the history of Jimenez Arms Inc., and how does the JA380 compare to the JA LC 380?
I really want to be stick thin, but at the same time I want to eat a lot and never feel hungry. Is there a way I can have it both ways?
As I chat with my husband on WhatsApp, I never see him go from \"online\" to \"typing\" and when he is replying it shows him offline. After I receive his messages, it shows him back \"online\". How is this possible?
Which are the major highways in California and how are they compared to the major highways in Arizona?
What is the difference between being an introvert and being a socially anxious extrovert?
Which actors have played Tarzan in movies and TV? Who was the best?
How do I choose theta0, thetaL, and thetaU in a Gaussian process model of scikit-learn?
What country apart from \"France and Quebec\" they speak French as native language or secound?
What is the importance of the International Monetary Fund (IMF) and its contribution to economic development?
What should I get my best and closest friend (girl) for her birthday?
What makes the bond between father and son so special that is so different and has that lasting effects in all of us men?
To offer wifi for my cafe for 35 users on laptops and mobiles (70 devices total). What is the best setup in terms of Internet speed, routers, etc?
What is a consecutive calendar day and how is it related with the Gaulish calendar?
Who were some famous kings of India and why they were famous?
During 12 hours, how many times do the minute hand and hour hand meet? At what exact times do they meet?
Does society and laws affect what a person needs to do and what a person wants to do? If yes, should one migrate or be there and try to change things?
How do I get anyone's registration number and web access code to see anyone's previous result of the FTRE?
What would you do if a random person called you and asked for your help then you heard a gunshot on their end?
What are typical compensation terms (salary, commission, and equity or profit-sharing) for Sales and Business Development Directors at small online media & advertising companies, based in large American cities?
I have talked to people who had Tom Frizzell as a professor and they said that they easily grasped the material. What makes him a great professor?
How To eat when building muscle and burning fat (cardio) at the same time?
What is the evolutionary significance of socialism and how has it changed modern society?
How can one take a P-V diagram and transform it into a T-S diagram?
Does Donald Trump have a \"black soul\" and how would you define that with examples?
Could you list the pros and cons of cons of a electric acoustic violin and list everything they can normally do.?
What body types would this black feather skirt look best on, and what are some good ways of styling it?
Why am I feeling lazy, tired and unmotivated since diagnosed for hypothyroid?
What were the mistakes that Yahoo! committed that led to its decline and its current evaluation of  dollar 4.5 billion?
If Arvind Kejriwal is really a supporter of honesty and fighting for it, why don't they come out in the open and say that the cancellation of Modi's rally by SP stooge DM is wrong?
What is the procedure to apply abroad for a masters in animation and graphic designing in US having done a 3 year bachelor degree in India?
Is there any possibility that we can access and execute the instance variable and blocks very before the static one in Java?
How good is the book \"Probability and Statistical Inference\" by Nitis Mukhopadhyay?
What is the quickest, most efficient and painless way to kill oneself?
Which are some of the productive and interesting people on Quora having more than 1000 followers?
Where can I find the multiple-choice questions and answers for the past AP Biology tests from 2013 onwards?
What is the meaning of cancer and Capricorn in tropic of Cancer and tropic of Capricorn?
How can a non-US citizen/non-resident open a bank account and small business in the United States?
Is the white spider poisonous, and how does it compare and contrast to the jumping spider?
Does wrapping a responsive website in mobile app webview works without any problems ? and how to add push notifications using Google Cloud Messaging?
How safe is Papua New Guinea, and how does it's crime rate compare to Benin's?
If one writes a provocative, or direct question or comment will it's attack, and deletion be guaranteed by Quora's PC police?
What are some of the best private companies that offer final year electronics and communication engineering projects in India?
What are the strongest majors in terms of job prospects and what are the weakest majors at Davidson College?
Is D5200 the best choice to shoot films and YouTube videos in 2016?
I'm currently a fresh graduate from the degree of accounting, and I have a business idea. Should I work first to get experience or directly startup?
How can I use Omegle on my iPod Touch and how is it compared to using Lollichat?
Can people on Quora stop India Pakistan debate? We are sick and tired seeing this everyday in bulk?
If 66 percent of the population is infected with H. Pylori and most don't even know it, how can a treated individual reasonably avoid reinfection?
What is the difference between absolute and relative permission in Unix?
I'm 24 year old. I have been getting acne since my teenage and it is not stopping. Is there any check up I should do since this doesn't seem to be normal?
What can I (18 y/o) do when I have bad and discoloured teeth because of insufficient brushing in my early teen years?
Why do large companies acquire startups and just let them die? Is there value in acquisitions to eliminate competition?
What were the major effects of the cambodia earthquake, and how do these effects compare to the Somatra earthquakes in 2007?
Why do I see pixels for some seconds and get a dizzy feeling when I stand up? I'm a teen
How do I take a check or money order in dollars in India and send it to the United States?
Shakespeare once said \"There are more things in heaven and earth, Horatio, than are dreamt of in your philosophy\". How should skeptics best address this question?
What is the best budget hotels in Jaipur for accommodation of me and my friends in this coming New Year eve in peak season?
How can feel good about myself and accept the compliments from others?
What are the different types of physics and what is and example of it in electronics?
What are the differences and similarities between OpenAI Universe and Deepmind Lab?
What feel good french movies and songs have you seen and loved in the past 10 years?
What color of shirt and pants suits me if I have dark skin?
Given the situation in Ukraine and Southeast Asia, how close are we from World War 3?
What are the automobile projects related to design and analysis of automobile part?
When was the last time a slam dunk broke a basketball backboard in the NBA, and why does that not happen so much anymore?
Are Young's modulus of the heat affected zone and the base metal the same or different?
What is the main difference between European and South American design schools?
Which is a suitable inpatient drug and alcohol rehab center in Montgomery County AR?
Want to find a name for travel startup. We sell trip bundles and travel packs published directly from hotels and b&b from all the world?
What is the difference between flat interest rate and reducing balance interest rates?
How did the \" _ + _ + _ = 30 using 1, 3, 5, 7, 9, 11, 13 and 15\" riddle become so popular?
What is the main difference between a senior engineer and a staff/principal engineer in a software company?
Hey guys, I am planning to start-up a small  budget  e-commerce business in  India. I have finally decided to go with magento platform. I have been searching on Google about magento and I found that:    1. It is very difficult to customize even for a developer. Is it really that hard to bring some changes in the theme (like some javascript animation etc etc) 2. it is resource hungry and it needs too much of space and bandwidth on server. Is it really true? and if it is then please suggest any server host.  3. any other better alternat
Mixed Martial Arts: What is the difference between Bellator and the UFC, besides that they are different fighting organizations?
Can new aircraft manufacturers like Mitsubishi innovate and create another Airbus/Boeing?
Why do we love people who hurt us and will never love us back? How can it be avoided?
Can I sue my wife for pinching and yelling to our kids like crazy?
Often in movies a room full of people shoot at each other and everyone in the room ends up dead. Is this even remotely possible? Are there real life examples?
How can one look for funding based on just an idea? Whom to pitch and how to pitch (for an Indian-based startup)? How can I valuate it? How much money is it worth? How many shares should I have?
What do doctors do to stop arterial bleeding in the wrist and how do they deal with self harming cases?
What kind of special deals do JPMorgan Chase and Citibank employees get on mortgages?
What are the differences between intelligence and consciousness? Can a machine that gains intellect become conscious?
What would happen if Canada, USA and Mexico merged to form one huge country?
I've planned a trip to nainital from 21st to 23rd. landslide and heavy rainfall is occurring in these days. How the situation will be till 21st?
What is the difference between word spacing and character spacing in CorelDraw?
I have scored 59.2 percent in my 12 boards exam and want to pursue CSE will I be eligible to apply for jobs?
What are the differences between short-term and long-term causes, especially in history?
What are the main differences between a bachelor's and a graduate degree in dentistry in terms of career prospects?
What is the evolutionary significance of medicine and how has it changed modern society?
My wife wants to celebrate first birthday of our first child as lavish social party affair, and I want to do a quieter, charity event. Who is correct?
What does it feel like to look and feel younger than your age?
Why is grave worship and idol worship so prevalent in india?
What is space time singularity and and how many known dimensions are present?
What is the definition of 'perfunctory' and how is it used in a sentence?
Hows would you create strategies and tactics in various combat situations?
Which one is better for cleaning and why, baking powder or baking soda?
What will be the impact on real estate by banning 500 and 1000 rupee notes from India?
What net worth puts you in the top 2 percent and 5 percent of families in the United States?
Why did MSNBC call the RNC manipulative for inviting the mother of a Benghazi victim to speak and then praise Khizr Khan for his speech at the DNC?
What is the social importance of Rameswaran, and how does it compare to Kanyakumari?
What is the difference between nationalism of the RSS and nationalism of our freedom movement?
What were some brilliant military strategies and tactics used during the Napoleonic wars?
What kind of internships can a 2nd year metallurgical and materials engineer from IIT Madras do?
Human-Computer Interaction: How would you balance conversion (\"sign up here\") and engagement (\"see what you can do\")  priorities when designing a home page?
What are the best 50 weapons to be used in the Zombie Apocalypse and 10 equipment options to have with you at said time?
What are the best methods and algorithms for unsupervised learning in R?
Why do people from top institutes like IIT and NIT, and some of the topmost people in India's younger generation settle in the US and the UK?
Will I be taxed on my July 2016-January 2017 income, if I am a migrant and do my first landing to Australia in October and finally come in January?
Will it be a problem if a friend deposits 30 lakhs in my savings bank account and I don't have a source of income to show?
How do I find Owner of the 10th class marksheet of Gujarat Secondary and Higher Secondary Education Board (GSHSEB)?
How can a national minimum wage raise the quality of morale and output of minimum wage workers when all it appears to do is guarantee minimum effort, job satisfaction and prospects for those workers who receive the national minimum wage?
Where can I find free ready made Android styles and layouts for my new application?
I feel like I am living a very unremarkable life. Every day I go to the same job and do the same thing. My job isn't bad and I'm in a relationship, but I feel like I am not really living my life. I'm only 23. What are some ideas to make life more exciting?
What are the best places I can meet more girls and get one as a girlfriend?
Why do my hands and feet go numb and cold after I shoot meth?
My teacher says India is way ahead of China in so many fields such as space technology and the reason is India's democracy. Is he correct?
What are the distinguishing features between kesari dal which is toxic and the masur dal\u2026as they are nearly same in appearance?
Is that profitable to buy a car and bind it to Uber in Cochin?
What is difference between gate score and mark obtained out of 100?
Is it possible to design a biological virus to attack and shut down another biological virus within a living host's cells?
I am planning to start a retail store for fashion and home decor. How can I find manufacturers or wholesalers who can send me samples?
I have Windows 8.1 , I updated to Windows 10 and I came back to Windows 8.1 .. Can I go to Windows 10 again? How?
Can a divorced women use her maiden name and surname for her child?
What was your route to becoming a Product Manager, and how do you think it helped you to become a better PM as opposed to other routes?
Have you ever had a fight with your girlfriend/boyfriend and after that you didn't talk to her/him for days/weeks? What happened next?
Why do some days I feel successful and other days I feel overwhelmed, stressed and a failure?
I got 56 marks in JEE Main and 85 percentage in CBSE boards and I belong to SC category. Will I be able to get NSIT and IIIT?
What are the impact on marriage if rahu and Venus in 7thhouse in Virgo in a female chart?
Where would the space shuttle tank land if a transatlantic abort was ordered, and how would the shuttle's/airfield's procedures of such a landing be?
What are different areas of work/research where electrical and electronics engineers are needed at ISRO?
What are some tips and hacks for making a degree in developmental and child psychology useful?
What are good software tools and workflows for researching & writing articles?
What are the parts of body of butterfly and what are their functions?
Which country buys huge quantity of pearls and pearl ornaments from India?
What can I do with calculus and linear algebra in Computer Science?
What led Indian government to remove 500 and 1000 rs notes from circulation? Will be able to remove black economy?
Genetics and Heredity: What is epigenetic drift, and what are its causes?
What are some great cause and effect topics about smoking cigarettes?
To what extend Buddhism and Jainism pose a challenge to vedic tradition?
Right now I am studying in class 9 and have almost completed class 11 studies?
How will you distribute 30 chocolates to among 5 kids and everyone should get odd numbers of chocolates?
I got selected in wipro campus drive and scored 6.68 CGPA in BTech. Am I eligible to join Wipro?
What towns are located near the Kilauea, and how does this volcano's activity compare to the volcanoes in the Mediterranean?
Why are the United States, South Korea and Japan enemies of North Korea?
How do I stick to your authentic self and love your self at the same time?
What are a few names of Indian guest blogging sites? What are some blogging sites and forums where I can post articles about education or book reviews?
Comparing Xperia X, X performence, XA and Z5, which will you choose and why?
What are the good online tutorials and books to learn Android development?
What is the introduction about changes in size and pattern of primary sector to national income of India?
I am changing my major to accounting. Is that a good choice and in demand for workers? Could I get a job easily?
Why there is a war between israel and palestine and who is palestine and why they fight with them?
How many languages do you speak and what methods and/or strategies did you use to learn them?
Japanese: What is the difference between \" \u6d77\u5916\u5b50\u4f1a\u793e\" and \" \u6d77\u5916\u30b0\u30eb\u30fc\u30d7\u4f1a\u793e\"?
I love a girl and she had many relationships before. Do you think she would be loyal to me and I will not be just a person in her ex-boyfriend's list?
What scenes in Furious 7 were filmed with Caleb and Cody standing in for their late brother Paul Walker?
Who would win in a fight: Zeus, king of the gods and sky, Poseidon, god of the sea, or Hades, god of the underworld?
I am losing confidence and self esteem. Can anyone help me?
What are the best job portals to post freshers and skilled positions in India?
I love a girl and she also loves me, but her parents are not in favor of our marriage, and now she has taken a step back. I know she still loves me. Now what should I do?
How do I get rid of hair loss and a damaged scalp?
Besides the fact that we'd all die, what would happen if the sun disappeared and the Earth's temperature dropped to nearly 0 Kelvin?
I am feeling very depressed and helpless. What can I do?
What's the difference between device and internet IP addresses and how do they work together?
If you have to choose between an iPhone and a tattoo, what would you choose?
Who are some famous politicians, dictators, kings, ruler and emperors with Scorpio zodiac sign?
What's the dispute between India and Pakistan  about Sir Creek all about?
What is meant by NAV in mutual funds and gold ETFs? What does it convey? What is its importance?
What were your scores in the Made Easy or ACE Academy GATE test series\u2019, and your final score in the actual GATE exam?
Is it possible for a company to have a negative market value of equity and a market value of equity equals to 0?
How can I detect Geo-location of a visitor and pre-fill a form with the city/postal code?
Is there a \"correct\" order for given name and surname when translating from Chinese to English?
What are the laws regarding license plate lighting in Ontario and what fines are associated? How do these differ in Quebec?
Whih is best headphones with good bass and sound clarity and loud audio around 3000 rs?
How can I come out of break up? My boyfriend broke up and it's heart wrenching.I need quick remedies.How can I concentrate and move on?
How can I find a job at Iskcon or some ashram so that I could follow brahmacharya and also earn to fulfil basic needs like food, medicine etc?
What will happen if both ammeter and voltmeter are connected in series in a circuit?
What are the environmental impacts of the tourism industry and how does it negatively impacted Shenzhen?
What will happen if pilots die and the door is locked?
What is area with the best compromise bethween price and value for a room for rent in Melbourne?
What is the best platform for E-commerce and E-commerce app builder?
What's the body that governs sports in China, and its (email) contact point?
Which topics on Quora are the most popular and have the most followers?
Messi is born with talent while Ronaldo is a product of training and hardwork. Is it really true that Messi doesn't work as hard as CR7?
Is it normal that I'm 20 years old and never kissed someone?
Difference between Cannot find this user and instagrammer in my direct messages?
What is the best pixel size for a website and why? How do you design a website?
What camera equipment does motorcycle/automobile reviewers like Powerdrift, Cycle world and Motorcycle USA use for making their review videos?
What is the relationship between the value of a house, and the value of the land on which it is built?
What analytic tools do sharing companies such as Uber, Lyft and Airbnb use to track payments from consumers and payouts to providers?
If I miss my vein while shooting meth and it goes into the skin should I draw it back out?
What's the difference between Eau de Cologne, Eau de Toilette, Eau de Parfum and Perfume? How to identify them while buying?
What is the future of Oracle applications with the modules ERP, CRM, Financial, OAF, and SCM in the Indian IT industry? Is there a future career in it?
How do I treat ticks in rabbits since local vets have no experience and most dog/cat tick medicine is lethal to rabbits?
Do you think websites like Less Wrong should reach out more and advertise its existence so that people who haven't even heard of them but would be interested will hear about them?
What\u2019s the angle between hour hand and minute hand at 3: 45 pm?
What does it feel like to be a mother with social anxiety disorder and have a child or children who do not have have social anxiety disorder?
What's difference between fuel injection and carburetor motor cycle. Which one is better for long ride?
What is a suitable inpatient drug and alcohol rehab center in Putnam County IL?
What is the difference between Chase Sapphire Reserve and Chase Sapphire Preferred? Which one is better?
What would happen if both the moon and sun just disappeared?
Where can I get a link to download the book (PDF) \"The Brain and Emotional Intelligence\" by Daniel Goleman?
What is the best way to lose arm and thigh fat (for females)?
I'm a 27 years young married man and a father, how to be more sincere and not behaved like kids anymore at workplace?
What is the nearest airport to Daytona Beach, and how do this cities tourist attractions compare to Miami's?
What is the difference between rate of reaction for a homogeneous system and rate of reaction for heterogeneous system?
Should there be laws allowing citizens to file a class action suit against the president and assess damage done to the nation after he left office?
Which booking software does StyleSeat use, and how can I purchase it in the US?
What should you take into consideration when driving from Brooklyn to Staten Island, and how does it compare to driving from Brooklyn to the Bronx?
Is anyone willing to join Vajiram and Ravi for UPSC in 2017?
Where can I find a map of fiber cables in the US, and more information such as who owns them?
What are Facebook employees' thoughts on Mark Suster and Joel Spolsky's criticisms of Facebook?
Indonesia: What are the stereotypes about Indonesia and its people for foreigners?
Why do some people always feel lonely and brood though they have many friends to talk to and enjoy; to share their problems, emotions, and feelings with?
Other than pay, what are the differences between military and government intelligence officers and information?
An app is tracking my location without my knowledge, but I don't know which one it is. When the phone's screensaver comes on some app turns the GPS on and tracks me until I switch the screensaver off and start using the phone again. How can I see what apps have been accessing the GPS over the last 15 mins?
My boyfriend says he loves me but he is distant, doesn't express much, and at times I feel very annoyed with him. What should I do?
What are some of the pros and cons of AT&Ts recent Time Warner deal?
What are some existing fashion marketing analytics and how are they different from each other? Strengths...weaknesses?
Is there a major link Between ADHD and Asthma related issues?
Why did Western European tribes come together quicker than African and Midlle Eastern tribes who still have problems today?
What is the difference between a BPO and a technical support job?
I booked a ticket in tatkal category but it is in waiting list and chart has been prepared. Will I get the refund?
How does burning/destroying 500 and 1000 Rs notes affect the India's economy?
What are the conceptual differences between front-end web development and \"back-end\" or server-side programming?
How are neural connections formed in the human brain, and how does the brain decide to form them?
What's a good workout program and a diet for a 14 year old male?
Suits (TV series): What do you think Harvey and Donna do with the can opener?
4 days ago i had sex (protected) and now today i have cramps and i spotted i take birth control abd my period is supposed to come thursday and always have came on thursday. Could i be pregnant? :/
What are the US states that border Mexico and what are the risks of living there?
Is it true Gujarat has the highest GDP growth and the highest per capita income in the nation?
Why are some sports such as tennis and golf have \"Open\" in a tournament name? E.g. U.S. Open
Given a matrix of numbers, how do I search if a grid of numbers with x rows and y columns are present within the matrix?
Who has the highest IQ today, and what do they do?
What does Ezekiel 18:20 mean and why or is Adam and Eve's sin imputed to latter humans?
What is the difference between a USB 2.0 and a USB 3.0? Will USB 2.0 ports support USB 3.0 portable drives or pen drives?
I worked for 6 years at ABC Pvt Ltd. After my resignation, I claimed my gratuity, but they said I did not complete my 1.5 months notice period and was therefore not eligible. Are there any rules between the notice period and gratuity?
Why would a guy try and kiss me after a first date and text he had fun that night and then disappear and never answer when I text him days after?
What is the difference between user level and kernel level threads?
I accidentally formatted my jail broke iPhone 5 and the power button is not working how can I repair it?
What are the best places to visit and the best things to do in Jaipur?
Until 2013, did no one really know about Alan Turing and how Britain really won against Germany because they broke enigma?
How do I promote my business and also make new friends on social networking site?
Pakistan defence minister commented today that Pakistan will be using nuclear weapon if India and Indian army doesn't stop. Can India succumb to it?
Is it recommended to watch TV series and movies with English subtitles to improve my language skills?
As a woman, if you successfully defended yourself against an attacker and he was on the ground, trying to get up, but you were not sure if he was a threat or not, what would you do?
How do you blaspheme against the Holy Ghost and why is it a unforgivable sin?
Have you ever had homework to do but got stuck on websites that interest you like this one, and found it was so addicting that you didn't do your homework?
I find it easy to do many tasks at a time but my parents and teachers advise me to do one thing at a time. Is my attitude right or should I change?
I am now studying 2nd year engineering and I want to became a IAS when I want to prepare for exam and pls suggest jow to prepare exam?
What are the major blogs/websites in Italy to rate and review iPhone & Android apps?
I want to do copy-paste stuff from my computer to my android phone and vice versa using wifi. How can I do it?
If I'm on a train traveling near the speed of light and shine a torch through the window, what happens to the light relative to me? How about a ball?
Which is a suitable inpatient drug and alcohol rehab center in Tallapoosa County AL?
Recover corrupted Outlook OST file and convert OST email into PST?
Is it possible to borrow money from US banks and deposit in Indian banks to gain 3x interest rate advantage?
What is the relation between a load current and a torque in shunt motor?
If a plane is on fire while speeding up on the runway and just over V1, should the captain abort the take off or continue with the rotation?
My Sister suffers from dandruff and now she wants to shave her head, is it fine to do that?
Why are most Olympic swimmers white and most track and field athletes black; why aren't both fields more diverse?
How do I create a local database and sync with multiple APIs?
Why woman date man only for what they drive and how successful they are?
What is the difference between eukaryotic and prokaryotic cells and how are they similar?
The USA has accepted the nuclear weapons of Israel, India, and Pakistan. So why not let Iran have nuclear weapons as well?
I am using the HTC Desire 816 in dual SIM mode. I want a dual SIM custom ROM. I have searched and found single SIM ROM only. What's a link or a website to download it?
What is the difference between a B.Tech in electrical engineering and electronics engineering? Which has more scope?
What is the difference between \u591a\u5c11 and \u51e0 in Mandarin Chinese?
Which is better between TA in cbdt and accountant in C&AG?
Tikona Internet: I have raised a complaint to close my connection but they didn't do it. Instead they gave me a bill of 1800 rupees for which I never used and they keep on sending the bill at the rate of 2 percent interest. What should i do?
Do we live in a society that encourages conformity and discourages questioning authority/free thinking?
What are the differences between perimeter and circumference? What are their similarities?
Why was Israel given to the Jews, and where did the Jews primarily immigrate from?
Why are your parent's aunts and uncles called \"great\" instead of \"grand\"?
What is the difference between web services and Simple Object Access Protocol (SOAP)?
How do I fix my relationship between me and my fiance because we are drifting apart I really love him and want to be with him for the rest of my life?
Why did the colonial \u2018\u2018old money elites\u2019\u2019 walk free and profit from slave trading, coercive opium trades as well as arms trade for genocide?
What do I talk about at a 1-hour meeting with the CEO and leadership of a  dollar 1 billion company?
What user should do when he looses a USA phone number sim in India and finds that somebody is already using it?
What is the difference between flashing with firmware and factory reset in Android phone?
How can I buy good micro SD card with less price and original product on online shopping site?
What are the characteristics of German humor and the German sense of humor?
What is the difference between a biological population and a population from a genetic algorithm?
I get angry over small issues. How I manage sudden outburst of anger and negative energy. Can this be sign of some mental problem?
What are the countries within South Africa and why have the not been annexed by the country?
I am a 23-year-old girl who is about to get married in 4 months. It's an arranged marriage. I have been with him for 5 months already and I am still not in love with my fianc\u00e9! In fact, I hate him because of his behaviour. My parents aren't supportive because of society's pressure. What should I do?
What new features in iPhone 8 are expected and what storage capacity will be?
What special regulations do gun laws in Texas have in regards to silencers, and how do they compare to regulations in Idaho?
Is it true that the technology shown in Sci-fi movies actually exists, and the movies just serve the purpose of its marketing?
How do you explain natural and force commutation of SCR with ckt. drg. in detail?
What is a \"catch 22\" and what are some examples of it?
I just completed my first year of college in IIT Delhi and I couldn't make any friends till now. Is there something wrong with me?
Why is it, that sometimes Quora allows to share answer thru email/gmail, and sometime there is no such option - Facebook and Twiter ONLY?
What are some good songs for testing the range and quality of a new pair of headphones?
What is the best resource to learn CosmoMC, its installation and get it working in a short time?
Anybody can tap a button that causes one million dollars are given to them and two million dollars are randomly removed from the world. What happens?
What does it mean if a guy you know winks, hugs and tries to kiss you on your cheek?
What is the difference between the Communist Party of India (CPI) and the Communist Party of India Marxist (CPI(M))?
Which is a good inpatient drug and alcohol rehab center in Lumpkin County GA?
Why do hedge fund managers pay commission to brokerage firms when they have the money to buy the brokerage firms and since they would own the company the could trade for free? Isn't it cheaper to become a stockbroker so you can trade for free.
How can I recover from a sudden and overall loss of motivation?
How difficult is the GD/PI round at IIM Ahmedabad? What exactly happened and how did you prepare for it ? (refer to details)
What's the difference between a life sentence and a 100+ year prison term?
What is the best software for kinematic and kinetic simulations for mechanical engineers?
6 boys and 15 girls can do a piece of work in 4 days while 12 boys and 3 girls can do the same work in 5 days. In how many days will 1 boy and 1 girl do the same work?
What is the point of life and what's so good about it?
Does the word dumpity (meaning short and fat, like dumpy) exist?
What is the academic pressure and workload at the University of Minnesota like?
How is symbolism identified in dreams and what effect does it have on one's life?
All over the news lately they talk about Russia and US on the brink of war. How likely will a war happen?
Is 250w PSU is enough to run these:- Fx 4300 and processor. Sapphire radeon r7 250 GPU. Gigabyte g8 78lmt USB 3.0 motherboard?
Where can I learn about reading and understanding the log files in my Mac's Console?
Noam Chomsky: What is your opinion about Narendra Modi and how do you rate his performance so far?
How can I learn and thoroughly understand algebra and calculus in one year?
Why are big Indian companies selling assets, and how is it affecting their stocks?
What are the three great world religions and which one has the most followers world wide?
What are the differences between the American and Indian education systems?
What is the deepest lake in Europe, and how does this lake's flora and fauna compare to that of Lake Assad?
Where can I find the entire transcript of the exchange between Hermann G\u00f6ring and Robert Jackson during cross-examination in the Nuremberg trials?
What is the difference between switch and if else statements? Which is better in different cases? Why?
Which is a suitable inpatient drug and alcohol rehab center in Floyd County IA?
I had sex 2 month ago and I had my period for 2 days last month and this month I'm 2 weeks late. Could I be pregnant?
Why is Trump's sex talk and sex life a reason to oppose him?
What is a suitable inpatient drug and alcohol rehab center in Rockdale County GA?
Does a black man have to be \"exceptional\" in order for white and latina woman to consider dating him?
What is the difference between standard deviation and variance? Gives an explaination with example?
What makes Emma Watson physically beautiful and what do you think is her best feature? Do you find her beauty overrated?
Why were so many ancient philosophers Greek and why were they usually mathematicians or scientists?
Does eye exercise recommended in some medical blogs and websites really help improving eye vision?
Why do Arvind Kejriwal's goon close roads and irritate public daily?
I'm gonna turn 18 years old in the next two days and I'm having pimples and scars on my cheeks. How can I get rid of them?
Where is the Baraka River located, and how does it compare to the Tigris?
How can I become the superstar of Sandalwood as a Non-Kannadiga and without any contacts in industry?
Do the terms \"reachability\", \"connected\" and \"has path\" all mean the same in Graph Theory and Algorithms?
Who plays Ms. Perkins in John Wick and what else has she been in?
I just lied to my dad about my SAT score and he congratulated me. What should I do?
I've been recommended to learn C# to be able to code for iOS and Android through Xamarin. Is it a better idea to just learn ObjC and Java instead?
I'm in a gay relationship but my boyfriend lives with a male roommate and that makes me very uncomfortable. What should I do?
A plug in (Shockwave Flash) isn't responding. This pops up in a yellow tab and then leads almost immediately to crashing chrome. How do I fix this?
WhatsApp: How can we get group conversations from WhatsApp and send them to Facebook or store the locally?
Which is a suitable inpatient drug and alcohol rehab center in White County AR?
I put my website online 1 month ago, it has 76 urls and Google just indexed 32. While Google is indexing how can improve the visits on my website?
What should be my strategy and schedule  to crack JEE 2017?
I am a successful student with a bright future.  Right now, I am being charged with domestic violence and I am innocent.  Should I go to trial?  Should I take a plea, for a crime I did not commit and cripple my future success?
If a car was falling from a bridge with a person on the roof and the person jumped right before it hit the ground would they survive?
What is the difference between single beam and dual beam osciilloscope?
Why are the U.S. led allies so excited to have made Libya as what it is today, and continue to prolong Syria war by supporting and arming rebellions?
What is the Lewis structure of SiF4, and how does it compare to that of silicon?
What do clinical psychologists like most and least about what they do?
If a pilot breaks the sound barrier and speaks, would he be able to hear his own voice?
A friend of mine is showing severe symptoms of depression. I know the reason and story behind it. How can I help her come out of Depression?
Why does Instagram tell me \u201cuser not found\u201d and a profilename called instagrammer?
What does Germany look like, and how does its geography compare to Poland's?
What is the difference between enlisting in the military and being commissioned as an officer?
What's the purpose of having a whole country when its states can function independently and are large enough to be countries of their own?
Why does lying on my left side, immediately and completely, relieve my severe abdominal pain?
Why must PlayStation 4 and Xbox One games be installed on the console?
Why do drinkers take lime and salt after a shot of tequila?
What is the difference between webservice call, API calls and asynchronous calls like AJAX in web development. How and when to use them?
What is tier 1 and tier 2 in the SSC exams?
Which are the best hot pepper and chilli sauces in the world?
Does Rakhi Sawant (actress) want to join the BJP and make her career in politics?
What do you do when your hulu account and password is hacked?
How much does it cost to start and maintain an e-commerce website?
What are the most interesting products and innovations that Christopher & Banks is coming out with in 2016?
How easy will it be for a passenger to get into the ship\u2019s bridge, and hijack the ship? Basically meaning how much security is there on the bridge?
What were the traits, habits and characteristics of Leonardo da Vinci?
What are the strongest majors in terms of job prospects and what are the weakest majors at Lindenwood University?
How do I install IPython Notebook and Sublime Text on the same PC?
What is the difference between calcium carbonate and precipitated calcium carbonate?
Where was the movie ' Kapoor and Sons ( Since 1921 ) ' shot?
What's the difference between a manufactured home and a modular home and do they very from state to state?
What characteristics do each, Ron, Harry, and Hermione bring to the table?
What are time deposits? Are RD and FD types of time deposits?
Which is the movie you have watched repeatedly and even today you feels entertaining?
I have great difficulty blogging, writing, using social media, and showing myself on video. How can I tell my life story and advocate to people like me?
If AI fell into the wrong hands, how would they misuse AI and what would you do to prevent the harmful effects?
How do I study for the class 11 CBSE exams in a month and score good marks in the PCM?
A North Indian girl loves a South Indian Christian boy, and both are in true love. Should they marry or should they think about their parents first?
Why does Niantic allow its API to be used to show the location and timing of Pok\u00e9mon in Pok\u00e9mon GO?
I'm 19 years old and I want to educate myself about trading and investing. I've heard of forex, binary options, stocks and penny stocks. What are some good online courses and where should I start?
If I delete my WhatsApp account, will my photos and messages be deleted permanently?
What is the best strategy to prepare and master the Verbal section in the CAT?
I am repairing a soft steel chair by arc welding and keep burning holes in the metal, what can I do to make a strong joint?
Given that an INTJ personality type is approx. 2 percent of the general population and members of Mensa must score in the top 2 percent of an accepted intelligence test, is there necessarily a correlation or is it simply a coincidence?
What effects would cheap and easy solar system travel have on our society?
Can I ship books under 13oz by just placing a stamp on it and putting it in the Blue Postal Service mail boxes?
Where can I get quality services to remove oil and stains from floors in Rydalmere?
What is 1/2, 1, and 2 in audio inputs and outputs?
Why are so many theists convinced atheists simply know nothing about religions and all we need is to hear some verses from their holy books?
My 14 year old daughter has had constant head and stomach aches for the past 4 years. She often misses school. What can I do to help her?
What are the most interesting products and innovations that Mohawk Industries is coming out with in 2016?
Which is a suitable inpatient drug and alcohol rehab center in Scott County IL?
Which is a suitable inpatient drug and alcohol rehab center in Oconee County GA?
What are the most interesting products and innovations that Ladder Capital is coming out with in 2016?
What would you do if you were on the International space station and had to survive for 30 days with no contact with earth and 5 days of food only?
My phone is not charging properly. Rather, charge is draining when charger connected. After trying for days the mechanic couldn't fix it and decided to use a diode to direct the charging. Will this cause a battery/phone explosion?
What are some Android apps to compile and run turbo C programs?
It's already been 12 days since the amount has been deducted from my bank account and it hasn't been refunded. What should be my next move?
Apocalyptic and Post-Apocalyptic Hypothetical Scenarios: What would happen if a high-yield, high powered energy device were to hit Florida and cover the majority of the state in a sphere of extremely (cold) temperatures?
I want to learn code and design, which one should I start with?
If there is war between INDIA and CHINA, how does it affect the stock market, real estate, price of USD and several other things in different countries?
Where can I get a wide variety of cake and cupcake flavors at Gold Coast?
What are best ways to stay and look young for longer time?
What are some good foods to eat before and after a workout and also before going to bed?
I had protected sex over a month ago and 4 days later I had my period. It is now next month and my period is 5 days late. What could be happening? I also had a yeast infection last week.
How you you switch from Windows 32 bit to 64 bit version, and what is the difference between each version?
Could a lactating woman sustain herself indefinitely producing and drinking the milk? With no other source of food or water?
Which is the most powerful sign and the weakest in the astrological zodiac signs and why?
If the Soviet Union did not disintegrate but adopted capitalism and democracy in 1991, how long it would have gone without disintegrating?
How can I clean and maintain the skin on my face?
Why did President Obama leave so little runway and political capital for insuring passage of TTIP/TPP/TISA?
Which is the best place to learn web and app development course in India?
How do I fill JEE Main form if I have failed in class XII CBSE exam and I am giving improvement next year?
I got 8.4 in class 10 sa 1 and I m very sad\u2026can I get CGPA 10?
How is Bolivia's geographical location unique in the region, and how does its geography compare to Guatemala's?
For someone who is depressed and stuck, what book would you suggest to read?
Why can't we cross the users from which by mistake we have asked the answer and later add on the other user on Quora app?
Does reading in bed make you tired and then make you fall asleep?
What are the crucial parameters in getting an admit for HCI Masters at CMU and how can I get a scholarship there if I have a low GPA?
Indian Institutes of Technology (IITs): I am in class 11 and am also preparing for IIT by self-study but my parents suggested to me to leave IIT preparation and focus only on the 11th syllabus now because they say that they will send me to coaching after 12th. Should I leave the preparation?
The half-life period of two samples is 0.1 and 0.4 seconds. Their initial concentrations are 200 and 50 mol/L respectively. What is the order of reaction?
What are the main differences between India and Pakistan in terms of their people, culture, society and outlook?
How can I earn so much money so that I can purchase home and get happy life with good karma as per astrology?
Where do the sayings \"to eat crow\" and \"eat humble pie\" come from?
What is the difference between pressure relief valve and pressure control valve in real life application?
What is your review for Indian Institute of Cost and Management Studies & Research, Pune?
I need a laptop to buy in India for development purposes with very good processing power and easy to carry around. Budget is Rs.80000/ dollar 1200 ?
Can I continue to run my non-profit and my limited when I stop filing taxes as a US-resident and give my green card back?
How can I get my email and password on my Twitter account?
I am an engineering graduate and organised many college level events and wish to pursue event management. What should I do?
How is wind energy classified, and how does it differ from chemical energy?
How do I get actual salary from these \"pay scale\" and \"grade pay\" like big words?
What Java skill level is required to write Robotium tests and on what Java concepts I should focus on?
With MBA in operations as a major What kind of job roles and prominent recruiting companies are seen that hire From top B-schools?
What was your initial reaction when Trump announced that he's running for president, and how has that changed now that he is president?
What is the best procedure to become an expert in Linux Kernel coding and development? (timeframe/IDE/book on MacBook Pro)
Why is telekinesis just limited to moving small objects and not big ones even to this day?
Are there really 8 planets and 1 dwarf planet in the solar system?
Are there cases in the US where the property seller took the money and the buyer later found that the house was never transferred to the buyer?
What happens to your brain when you \"black out\" and are unconscious? How different is it from being asleep?
Is there an inpatient Drug and Alcohol Rehab Center in Tuolumne County California?
I'm 40, Indian, married, born and living in Dubai working as a Oil Trading Analyst and I'm now looking to migrate, what are my best options?
What is a good anime like One Piece and Naruto that I could watch for a long time?
In Agile, how do we estimate and what do we tell customers initially?
What are the legal separation laws in PA and how do they compare with the ones in Florida?
I am bald on the right side above my ear because of an electric shock at the age of 1 and I don't have my right side log. Now I am 18. How can I style my hair?
Can I be a nurse even when I have medical conditions and require regular check ups at the clinic?
Which is a suitable inpatient drug and alcohol rehab center near Pamlico County NC?
What should we avoid eating and drinking if we our suffering from cold and cough? What would you suggest eating so that our cold and cough will be cured easily?
Is it possible to use oceans to build wind and solar farms? Will it not lead to less dependence on precious land?
What are some of the weirdest and amazing (surprising) facts about the Indian economy?
I have no fridge, nor does the butcher from whom I buy my meat - I live in Kathmandu and the meat is just lying on a table in the open air. If I buy meat in the morning and cook it well in the evening, am I exposing my friends and me to dangerous bacteria?
Is SYRIZA an acronym and if so what does it stand for?
What do the French think of Scottish people and Scottish Independence?
Would you be angry if your teenage son had sex with a grown woman, and your son's other parent knew, but did nothing about it?
What are the strongest majors in terms of job prospects and what are the weakest majors at Rowan University?
What is this? Can someone tell me what this is? It's a bubble and it pops out when I stand up. It goes back in if I pull my toes toward my head. I have Ehlers-danlos syndrome.
Why do many people sell Renault Kwid after buying it and using it for a short period?
If you could go back in time and change one event in history, which one would it be, and why?
Who are some lesser known important historical figures of Kyrgyzstan and what should people know about them?
How do cooking shows like \"Hell's Kitchen\" and \"Master Chef\" etc., justify all the food that's wasted and thrown away in a world where most countries' populations are starving?
What will happen if the earth starts to rotate and revolute around the sun in the opposite direction? Would life and our thoughts go backwards?
Which is a good inpatient drug and alcohol rehab center in Harris County GA?
Do you agree that there are too many gun owners on Quora and they are holding the site hostage?
Which is a good inpatient drug and alcohol rehab center in Clay County IL?
What is a postal order number and how is it used?
When a man is in a romantic relationship and says 'I want to take care of you', what does this mean?
When heating a bimetallic strip made of brass and iron, which metal expands more than other?
What is architectural engineering? What is the difference between architecture and architectural engineering? Which course should be taken in college in order to be an architectural engineer?
I have a CGPA of 7.7 and I'm currently in a dilemma whether to pursue an MS or an MBA. I'm a mechanical engineer (in 4th year)! I'm not that into the technical know-how and have very little technical knowledge. Will I be able to survive the MS programme in mechanical engineering in the USA?
What are the biggest plot holes and errors in Harry Potter?
If a woman is into swimming, tulips, fashion, and butterflies for her bedroom theme, what would a man be into for his theme?
What is the font used on military dog tags and is it available online? How long has it been in use?
How are the laws regarding speed limit enforced in Florida, and how do they differ from how they are enforced in Wisconsin?
Why is ground water warm during winters and cool during summers?
I got a CSE eCommerce in UPES and I got 94 percent in PCM. Should I join UPES or take a drop and do well in entrances next year? I did not give many entrances this year. What should I do?
What are the most interesting products and innovations that Washington Federal is coming out with in 2016?
What is a good inpatient drug and alcohol rehab center in Union County AR?
Which are the best websites to practice and learn object oriented in java or C++?
Which country gives quick and easy PR if you go their to study diploma in IT and in how many years between Australia, Canada or New Zealand?
Why does we get tears while cutting onions and what are the side effects?
Do you have to use your real name on Quora and can you change it after the account is created?
What are the differences between arithmetic and geometric sequences? What are the similarities?
In electrical circuits how is the voltage and amps controlled separately, are there resistors that lower just one or the other?
Is there any political solution between India and Pakistan on Kashmir issue?
Who will win the 23rd match between Atletico de Kolkata and Mumbai City FC in Hero Indian Super League 2016?
I am 27 and have a budget of around 50 lacs and I need to set up a manufacturing unit. What are the things I should look into and what are other alternate ideas which can give me a decent return in my budget?
I'm obsessed with efficiency. I hate having my time wasted, and often get worked up by this. Is this a good trait? How can I avoid the pitfalls of it?
Why won't my Epson printer print and how can I fix this?
Which workout is better between the upper lower body split and the five days split for fat loss?
Why do British lawyers and judges wear wigs in the courtroom?
What are some amazing and \"did you know\" facts about London?
Electromagnetic Radiation: What is physically the difference between magnetic induction(B) and magnetic field(H) ,and also, electric field(E) and electric dispacment(D)?
I am having black skin around forehead, chin the most and jawlines. Its already been one year. I couldn't able to see much improvement. Suggest?
I am a computer engineering student from one of the reputed colleges in India. But still I feel that I am good for nothing and I don't have any self-confidence while talking with my friends. What changes should I make in my behaviour?
How do I make my long distance lover miss me and think of me constantly?
What were the major political, economic and social devolepments in world which motive indias freedom struggle?
I am 17 years old and I am looking for a online job that would support my education and would not require to use a credit card (since I dont have a bank account).What websites do you recommend?
What was the significance of the battle of Somme, and how did this battle compare and contrast to the Battle of Mill?
If George Washington was alive today and ran for presidency as a Democrat would you vote for him?
I am not sure if I should permanently quit looking at/viewing/watching pornography and using it as a masturbatory aid. What should I do about this?
How can human beings kill each other, rape even kids and still live with themselves? Why don't they die of guilt?
This very (ex) dear friend bailed out on a friendship with me and a friend because her crap boyfriend asked her to stay away from us. Is she a nice girl?
Interviewing: What are best and wittiest interview question asked in a job interview?
What is enthalpy of atomisation and how is it different from lattice enthalpy?
Is there a permanent treatment available for Hypothyroidism and why are the TSH levels sometimes dynamically changed?
Why does sulfate-free shampoo make my hair feel and look worse than with normal shampoo?
What is the difference between home board and normal boards for CBSE class 10? Which one do you prefer?
Can I become a doctor and a programmer at the same time?
Solve this for all masterkminds!!              \u26a1I'am an 6 letter word      \u26a1First 4 is me \u26a12 and 6 are same letters \u26a11,2,6  means look  \u26a14,6,2 means type of payment Who am l? Hints:- youngster's  favourite?
I suffer from urine leakage and puss cells come out in my urine. What should I do?
Where is the Baraka River located, and how does it compare to the Japura River?
How can I study for 10+ hours a day without getting depressed and how can I make myself get used to it?
What is the difference between seamless and with seam table tennis ball?
I have scored 89.25 percent in class x and 78.6 percent in class XII and 75 percent in graduation ..how much percentile i need to get into iims?
The direction of intersection of fault plane and horizontal plane is called?
How can we relate demand and supply with diamond water paradox?
Will Apple eventually use the USB-C for the iPhone and drop their Lightning cable?
Which is the best app to hide pics, videos and other apps for Android?
Does YouTube pay you for likes and views of your uploaded educational videos? How much?
What are the differences between phlegm and sputum? What are their similarities?
How can I recover my email and password for my \"magicJack\" account?
What is the most attractive perfume you remember (for women and men) that made you feel like you're falling for someone?
Why are Vichitra Zawar, Anjali Kripalni and Jatin Rajput banned on Quora?
Why does my dog hold a sock, and walk around with it?
What is the difference between a \"data matrix\" and a matrix (matrix operator), or a \"data tensor\" and a tensor (tensor operator)?
Where can I get best banking and finance support in Sydney?
Do you understand your race, ethnicity, and culture more by the observations and critiques from people of other races, nationalities, and cultures?
Why do the sentences \"You're hot.\" and 'You're cool.\" have the same meaning although hot and cool have opposite meanings?
How should a women-only educational institution, where women share rooms and other facilities, deal with a transgender applicant, who self identifies as a woman but hasn't begun/ completed gender reassignment surgery?
Is dragon ball z a good anime and is it worth watching?
What is a Brindle Pitbull and how do they look like?
Is there a website where I can find and meet business partners?
How did the Arabs manage to convert Present day Pakistanis (Pashtuns, Balochs, Punjabis and Sindhis) to Islam. What was their religion before Islam?
How does the Earth move through and curve spacetime without displacing it?
I'm friends with this girl, and sometimes we ignore each other, what should I do?
Is it so wrong to go up to a guy and tell him that he is beautiful?
What kind of Hydroxycut should you take and why? What kind of Hydroxycut are there and how are they different?
What is the best way to build my personal brand and portfolio as a digital marketer?
What are the most interesting products and innovations that Altisource Portfolio is coming out with in 2016?
Why do we cry when we are happy and when we are sad?
Indian Judiciary: Is it not necessary to have a transparent and unbiased appointment procedure of judges in lower courts, high courts, and the Supreme Court in view of controversy created by Justice Katju?
After 2 years living together, my boyfriend broke up 2 months ago. Now, he has come back two weeks ago and asked if we can see each other once a week for a better and more comfortable break up. I accepted and we had sex two times. What should I do if I want to make him come back again?
What is the origin of ES-IS and IS-IS? Is there any connection to the OSI model?
What do you mean by abstract thinking and concretism in psychology?
How can I update grand neo to lollipop version and how I get rooting software?
What is the difference between \"sign in\" and \"log in\" and how websites choose one VS. the other?
What must Hillary Clinton and her supporters be feeling right now?
What is the relation between pressure and temperature, humidity and pressure, temperature and humidity?
I am currently working under an H1B visa and would like to get a green card through my employer. What is the process?
What's the difference between a friend and a follower on Facebook?
If Trump is indicted as President Elect, what of the GOP ticket, and their inherent RNC Platform? Further, what if the \"ticket\" is indicted?
What is the difference between Regular (Growth) plan and direct plan in Mutual Funds? Which should be preferred while buying and why?
Who are the famous journalists from India, who are struggling tooth and nail, day in day out to malign the stature of Prime Minister Narendra Modi? Please give examples.
How do I calculate the charging and discharging time of a capacitor?
I do not want to write novels. But I love creating the plot, story background, character profiles, cultures, and worlds. What are some career choices for me if I enjoy creating characters, story backgrounds, and worlds that could be the material for a novel, television show, or a movie?
She said \"The difference is you just can't fit to me and I fit in you.\" what does she mean? I can't get what she actually mean.
What is the weather in France in April and how is it different from other countries from Western Europe?
How do I mange time for preparing JEE Mains and BITS SAT in one month?
How much money will I spend on food and transport during a one week stay in New York City?
What is the force that opposes gravity and prevents objects from collapsing on themselves?
What does it mean when you ring a mobile and you get this line is busy?
Why do people dance on Mahamantra and when it is started or where is this originated from?
Polling missed the call on Brexit; How accurate are current polling methods and could we see similar forecasting flubs with the Presidential election?
Should the Chinese just accept that white people are God's chosen people and that they should accept their place, which in below white people?
How should one prepare for the science and technology portion of the UPSC exam?
In some vid online I see this digital drawing thing and I want to by one but I don't have a name the thing with the pen you know.?
I'm interested in a career change from engineering to fashion design. I have planned to give myself 2 years to save up money to pursue a master's degree and in the meanwhile build my profile to get an admission into a prestigious fashion institute. How can I build my profile?
What are the strongest majors in terms of job prospects and what are the weakest majors at Rutgers?
How do I escape society's system and live the life I want?
I want advice on my unique business idea from others. Should I make my family and close friends sign a non-disclosure agreement before telling them?
Are there any good places to dance salsa and bachata in McAllen, Texas?
What are the most interesting products and innovations that First Horizon is coming out with in 2016?
How does invalidating  rupee 500 and  rupee 1000 notes help us fight corruption and bring back black money?
How should I learn how to believe in myself and stop with the negative self talk?
India: I have made a helicopter from tractor engine and is ready to fly, how do I convince my parents that I want to fly it?
How would I go about opening a branch of an existing US S Corporation in British Columbia and legally move there with my family to manage it?
How can I deal with the feeling that my own existence and life is not in my hands but on other people\u2019s decisions?
SPOILERS: In Captain America 2, agent Jasper Sitwell mentions several targets when being interrogated by Cap, who are they (TV anchor in Cairo, the other Secretary of Defense, and a high school Valedictorian in Iowa City)? Are they random Inhumans or more specific characters?
I have an ICICI bank credit card but do not have a saving account and debit card as well. How can I use ICICI bank mobile app?
What happens to the preflight/departure Aircraft engineer and Technician if the aircraft meets with an unfortunate mishap?
What is the difference between Paleontology and Anthropology? Both deals with Evolution right?
I want to make my life cool and luxurious, in a very young age and I am ready to work as hard as it needs.whot do I do?
My daughter (aged 8) tries writing stories. She makes lot of spelling and grammar mistakes and always has a dearth of topics. How can I help her to continue her hobby?
What's the difference between an SFrame and a DataFrame in Python?
How India having an area 1/3rd of China speaks so many languages and China speaks only one language despite both the countries having oldest civilizations?
I cheated on a girl who loved me the most and now I am regretting. I want her back. What should I do?
I'm about to marry a woman. How do I give a full body massage, back massage, olive oil massage, thighs-hips-butts massage and yoni massage to my partner? What are some lingam massage tips so that I can guide her when she gives me a full body massage?
What were the war strategies of the Union and the Confederates during the Civil War?
How long can a sniper stay awake and how do they do it?
Is it possible that light reflected from the earth be caught and be recorded to see the past history of the earth?
It has been 3 weeks since my onsite interview with Facebook. I followed up twice with the recruiter and did not get a reply. I know this would mean a rejection and recruiters are offer-driven, but as a company like Facebook, is it common to not respond at all?
What would be the best reply to someone who fails to understand the hype behind Game of Thrones and says that people shouldn't obsess over it so much because 'it is just a TV show'?
Why don\u2019t we switch to public vans from buses if fewer and fewer people are riding buses in the US?
Can photovoltaic systems operate normally in grid-connected mode and still operate critical loads when the utility service is disrupted?
If you had a \"net\" of neodymium magnets, could it be hung and create what would be a wall that an arrow (made with magnetic materials at the tip) could not pass through?
Is it a good idea to take a personal loan and lend the money to others with high interest rates?
What were the major effects of the cambodia earthquake, and how do these effects compare to the Andreanof Islands earthquake in 1957?
How good are the MMS/MiM programmes at schools like LBS, Fuqua, LSE, HEC and their type, in terms of knowledge gained, career opportunities and return on capital invested?
Do people living in China really care about the Firewall and not being able to access Facebook and Twitter, or is the western media making too big a deal out of it?
Where can I get affordable building and pest inspection services in Blue Mountains?
Where do cruise ship employees sleep, and do they get to take excursions while in port?
Can I say my savings of 11 lakh and 5lakh fds as total savings in F1 visa interview?
How does invalidating the current Rs. 500 and Rs. 1000 currency notes help in weeding out black money?
Since THC is stored in fat, are you releasing it and getting high when you exercise?
How can you access your Hotmail account if you forgot your password and don't have the recovery phone or email any more?
How much garlic can one eat daily, and can too much result in some problems like meteorism?
Which processor is faster and better for battery between Octa core, 1.7 GHz, Cortex A53, Chipset: Mediatek MT6752 and Quad core, 1.4 GHz, Cortex A53, Chipset: Qualcomm Snapdragon 410 MSM8916?
If we have a bottle of water that contain algae and one tree wich one of them give us mor oxygen?
What would happen and who would win if there was: Batman and Superman Vs. Captain America and Iron Man?
What are the most interesting products and innovations that City Holdings is coming out with in 2016?
Every time I see rice I am disgusted and want to throw up. What should I do?
Will I get financial aid If I am an American and my parents(Non-US) are not living in the US and they don't work or pay taxes for the US?
Is it possible to program and create a shortcut to turning ON and OFF the Bluetooth or the NFC on the phone?
What does it feel like to be a mother with social anxiety disorder and have a child or children who also has social anxiety disorder?
Can anyone guide me if it's a good deal to buy iPhone 7 32GB for INR 20000 (by selling iPhone 6 and Citibank cash back offers) or wait for iPhone 8/7s?
What are the differences between Node.js and PHP according to server-side performance?
What is the difference between stoichiometric and non-stoichiometric compounds? By examples please: D?
What would a woman do if a guy who was looking at her suddenly moves towards her and tells her that you are one beautiful creature?
What is the average salary of a UI/UX designer and a front-end developer in India?
Do you think a feature like answering and commenting anonymously should be added in Facebook?
I sleep 4 hours in the night and then workout for 1:30 hours in the morning and sleep again. Is this right for my health?
How do I start a import and export business in electrical products?
Do you think Donald Trump becoming a politician is a conspiracy to infiltrate and ultimately destroy the Republican party?
I want to invest in small-cap and mid-cap stocks in India for long term. What are some good small-cap and mid-cap stocks with long term potential?
I am a Microbiology student under Calcutta University. I could not study well and I am sure, I'll fail in my Part1 what should I do?
What towns are located near the Kilauea, and how does this volcano's activity compare to the volcanoes in Mexico?
Is the website Putlocker a legal and non virus website to watch movies and T.V. shows?
If Trump loses the election this time around, can he try and run again in 2020 against Hillary?
What is your salary expectation and let me a briefly about your skills?
Why do people that are financially wealthy usually have fewer babies and people in poverty usually have more?
What is the best way to present the weekly status of deliverables and plan for next week to your manager?
Are there any treatments or adjustments, preferrably non-surgical, for the second and third toe bent sideways (towards the pinky toe)?
Intelligence Agencies: How Powerful and functional are RAW and IB (India) compared to CIA?
What is the upper bound and the lower bound in calculus?
What are the main differences between Bluetooth 4.0, 4.1 and 4.2 in the Layers (Baseband, LMP, L2CAP, app Layer)?
Who are some lesser known important historical figures of Australia and what should people know about them?
What is wrong with the U.S. education system and how can students protest it?
If our bodies consist of atoms which have electrons why don't we feel the repulsive force between us and things although it also have electrons in it's atoms?
What are major differences between Greek and Roman culture or government?
Are the White men dating Asian women in general more educated and more science-oriented than those who are not?
I have completed my engineering in mechanical but now I want to make career in computer and IT sector. What are different options for me.?
What are the different student clubs at NITK and what are the selection criteria into them?
Which are some good software companies in Seattle, other than Microsoft, Amazon and Expedia which work in .NET Technologies?
I want to use olive oil, castor oil and coconut oil on my hairs . Should I mix them or use them alternately?
What is the best budget hotels in Cochin for accommodation of me and my friends in this coming New Year eve?
What if a court passed Conditional decree/Judgement and that condition was not fulfilled
Are SIMPs what ripple when galaxy clusters collide and what wave in a double slit experiment?
What is the best dimension for a physical class space accommodating 150 students? Can one use flipped classroom approaches in this setting and would it be sensible to use a square format with whiteboards all around?
If one has viewed my LinkedIn profile from Google or any search engine, when his/her Gmail account is also open in another tab and that Gmail ID is associated with his/her LinkedIn account, can I know who has viewed my profile on Google or on any other search engine?
What are some natural sources of pollution and what are the pollutants emitted for each one of them?
Does the CBSE give a separate certificate and mark sheet for the 10th class?
I have a great idea for a women's clothing company. I have the general business plan and concept down, but I have zero experience with creating clothing. How would I go about finding the right avenues and people to get started?
I met a man recently who said, \"I hate reading. I haven't read a book since I left school!\" and he is in his late 50s. I know he can read, so that's not the reason. If you don't like to read at all, what do you fill your mind with?
My father coming from kanpur on nanded got 6:30 hr late and now no where to go as he has to come to bti on punjab mail. Who is responsible for that?
When should I start preparing for CAT as I am student of B.A 1st year and had wasted my 3 years of academics? Some important tips for same.
Can capillary action combined with a siphon draw water up and out higher than it was extracted?
My mother is staying with me and my husband doesn't like it?
What one song makes you cry and smile at the same time?
What are the most interesting products and innovations that PMC-Sierra is coming out with in 2016?
How do I make the title and meta description for a site?
What can I achieve if I continuously run 3 km daily and perform no other exercise apart from running for the next 2 months?
How will you explain the difference between getters and setters and constructors in Java to a beginner?
Can I eat too much healthy food and not lose weight?
What is the scope of electronics and communication engineers in India and Dubai?
I'm going through chronic disease and find no meaning in living. Is it worth it?
Currently I am pursuing a BE in civil engineering and planning to do an MS from the US but I am confused that after completing an MS I will ever get job there since the US is a developed country and I will never be able repay the loan that my parents have taken for my study or I will have to come back to India?
Is it too late to think about a career in tennis if I am 23 years old and have just played it as a hobby till now?
I eat enough food but still I am underweight. What can be the reasons behind it and what diet should I take to improve my health?
In what different ways can \"Whoever has will be given more, and they will have an abundance. Whoever does not have, even what they have will be taken from them\" be interpreted?
Why is dissolving salt in water a chemical change and sugar in water a physical change?
How much energy is there in X and gamma rays (in eV)?
How do I stop spending money recklessly and living week to week?
Why is Coldplay popular only in India and not in USA or other nations?
I want to excel at intersection of macro-economic forecasting and data science; please advice how to go about it?
If I want to apply to Top Universities in USA and I have a 3.98 GPA, GRE scores of  167Q and 160V, 4 AWA, and a TOEFL of 112, how good are my chances?
What is the best way to rediscover your inner self and find what you really looking for?
During my 5-day menstrual cycle, I do not have much pain on the first 3 days, but the 4th and sometimes 5th day I get a lot of pain plus more than normal flow. Is this normal?
Even though I use erytop gel for skin pimples, I am getting pimples again and again. Which is a better way to avoid pimples and have good protection over my skin?
Someone on snapchat added me by snap code and I don't know who they are. How did they do that?
I'm 21 years old and I'm interested in becoming a programmer, what do I need to do first and which language should I start with?
Why is beef banned in India and not pork as well?
How is due diligence carried out by venture capitalists and investors? How and what information do they want about entrepreneurs?
How do Lamarck's and Darwin's theories differ, and what does each theory postulate?
What is the best inventor and invention to give a minute's speech on?
What are some of the law schools in the D.C. area and how should you prepare to enroll in it?
Do my father has to pay tax as he has sold property worth 15 lac and have received 5 lac's cheque from relative for my higher studies?
Why do some people find it more ethical to kill and eat plants rather than animals? Why should I value animals more than plants?
What roles did the superpowers USA and USSR play in the liberation war of Bangladesh?
Can someone explain what is meant by API, why to use it and what do we mean by 'Restful', 'SOAP' API? When to use them?
What do you think are the biggest challenges facing the global economy and the underlying reasons behind these problems?
What Race would a person with black hair, blue eyes and white skin most likely be?
How much does it typically cost to image and print holographic images?
What would happen if sound traveled like light and light traveled like sound?
I know nothing about programming. What is the best way and the best language to start learning how to program?
What should I definitely do, and definitely NOT do as a tourist in Prague?
I just had sex and now I have small red bumps on the head of my penis. They don't hurt and the sex took place 2 days ago. Do I have an STD?
I would like to get my 2 young kids 5 and 7 interested in coding where would I begin?
What are the best object-oriented programming and design pattern online courses?
How can I change my Facebook settings to display the books that I like and not the books that I have read on my timeline?
I'm a Design Student from IIT K. Currently I'm working on a project of designing Door lock and key for visually impaired people. So I need to know what are the difficulties visually impaired users face in locking and unlocking a door.?
What Rolling Stone song has the lyrics \u201coh and you know me so well and your time ain\u2019t so hard to sell\u201d?
When the alarm rings in morning I don't even care to put on the snooze button, I switch it off and go back to sleep. What should I do to stop this?
Should I get a galaxy note 4 or an iPhone 5s and an iPad mini? It is for vlogging/work.. are these still relevant for 2016?
We want to free ourselves from desires (for peace),but on the other we strive for growth and success, which are driven by desire. How to balance?
Which is a suitable inpatient drug and alcohol rehab center near Jackson County GA?
If I want to vote Senator and Representative, do I have to vote for President?
Why do people outgrow \"Pok\u00e9mon Ranger and the Temple of the Sea\" movie?
Which is a suitable inpatient drug and alcohol rehab center in Jefferson County AL?
Would all of Batman's devices, equipment and gadgets work in real life?
Is it ok if my partner wants to talk about someone else doing me and dating me while having phone sex? Does it mean that he does not love me as he is not possessive about me?
What is the easiest, simplest and cheapest way to learn Japanese?
What could be a short, catchy and creative name for my YouTube channel?
How much do guests on shows such as Morning Joe and Hardball get paid for their comments and opinions?
What is difference between private limited companies and public limited companies? What might be some examples?
19 years old, dropped out of college because of anxiety and panic attacks, my mum is currently sick and recovering from surgery.how can I be happy?
How much product video costs and how much time does it take to make that video?
I met a guy who is in the Navy. They stationed him here in San Diego and he said that he will be staying on a base. In what part of the base might he be staying in?
How can we eliminate caste based reservation system in India and promote only economy based reservation to benefit all talented and needy students?
What does it mean when my friend and I share the same dream at the same time?
Out of the Safavid, Mughal and Ottoman empires, which was the best to live?
What's the fastest humans can travel in a spaceship and how far could they travel?
I need BPO projects. I am fed up with the scammers and fraud. Can I get the genuine BPO projects from clients?
Can I still grow taller after two and a half years of having my period?
What can I do to improve my physics. I am a medical aspirant and I am facing a lot of problem in doing physics?
Since solid carbon dioxide is dry ice and incredibly cold, why doesn't it have an effect on global warming?
What's the difference between a statement and an expression in Python?
What was the most heart breaking and shocking moment of your life?
What do you hAve to say about time travel (I am not science student but I read it on net and its so exciting topic but still no clear idea that is it possible or it's just a rumour)?
You have to suffer the wrath of one and the protection of the other. Who do you pick, Niklaus or Elijah?
What is the easiest and fastest and safest way to make the most money?
How are PlayStation games created and which languages do developers use to build them?
Is it possible to crack gate within 4 months and achieve a 2 digit rank?
What is a suitable inpatient drug and alcohol rehab center near Watauga County NC?
What is the current world population and at what rate is it increasing?
What if the big bang keeps repeating itself and has been repeating for ever?
What are the differences between the Army and Marines in terms of training for land warfare?
What skills are needed to find out our dreams and pursue them? People say \"dare to dream\", is that true?
My daughter likes to wear tight jeans to high school, and shirts that expose just a little bit of midriff. Should I confiscate these clothes?
What will be the relationship between USA and India after Donald Trump will be President?
If a seed was planted in the center of a sphere of soil, floated to the center of a room with no gravity, watered and lighted evenly from all directions, what would the plant look like?
Why do people think their opinions are facts and can't tell the difference between what is an opinion and fact?
What is the difference between Electrical and Computer Engineering and Computer Science Engineering?
What are participatory notes? Who issues participatory notes and what are participatory notes used for?
What are the strongest majors in terms of job prospects and what are the weakest majors at Vanderbilt University?
What are some ways to make the world a better place and how can we all contribute to that?
What is the Face in Hole app, and how does it work?
What are considered cluster headaches and how can they be treated naturally?
I am 17 and I have joined a gym. I have a good physique, but I have a fat stomach region and chest. What equipment should I use in the gym, and how should I use them?
Can Britain reform the commonwealth and make it into a union for trading?
Am a 3rd year (IT) btech student at IP university Delhi.I know c++, c and a little java (core) . So guide me what should I do to achieve a best job?
If you work at a fast food restaurant in the U.S. and a couple of cops ask you to put something in the food or drink of customer should you obey them?
Will Ichiro play for the Marlins tonight at Target Field and at what position will he play? What time will the team announce its lineup?
Is there a way to hack into IIT KGP server and know my JEE Advanced 2014 rank?
Which books of the Bible did Paul write and what makes them distinct?
Why do the elite do Yoni symbols, Jupiter fingers, and Devil horn signs in nearly all photos of them?
What's so unlucky about the number 13 and why don't buildings have a 13th floor?
What is the climate of California's coastal regions, and how does it compare to the climate in Illinois?
If I hire a McKinsey consultant to help me with my startup, what and how much does he/she want in exchange?
I am a 5 pointer from IIT and jobless. I am selected for a bank job and have a gap of two years after graduation. Can I get into IIMs?
I'm making an MVP for a messaging app here in the Philippines and I use Sinch and Parse SDKs. Do I need to secure an export license from the US?
Will walking around with a nice set of arms really draw attention and make yourself feel elated and proud (and not to mention the sense of ego)?
What is the difference between matter and anti matter and how they are formed?
What are the most significant inventions, discoveries and other ideas originated from India?
Is it worth it being rich and famous if you have no privacy?
Female Sexuality: How can I quell my horny nature and learn restraint so that I'm not disrespected?
What are the best value added courses for electronics and communication engineering in india?
What does \"animadversion\" mean and how do you use it in a sentence?
Why are Philippines and Vietnam leaders much clever than Middles East and Ukreaine leaders in the world?
What are the most interesting products and innovations that Align Technologies is coming out with in 2016?
I always get confused between a row and a column. What is any trick to remember the difference?
What should be the first and most important quality of a good teacher?
Where is the Baraka River located, and how does it compare to the Nile?
What are the differences between humerus and femur? What are the similarities?
Are salaries in Angola for basic jobs astronomical, and if yes, how can I work there while saving as much money as possible?
I am good with soft skills & writing but I suck when it comes to quants. Currently, I am working as a freelance writer and I aspire to join the customs or write for the IAS. Most of my family is into government jobs and I don't want to be looked down at by them. Are there entrance examinations with no quants?
Does one need to read source material of Marvel and DC in order to better appreciate the movies?
What is the best way to take a JSON Array and insert it into a MySQL database using android?
How does globalization affect islamic extremism and global terrorism in a bad way and what are the measures to solve it?
Which book of physics is good in theory and has more solved examples for IIT JEE preparation?
What is the angle between the hour hand and the minute hand at 12:30 PM?
Why do men like spooning a girl in bed and putting their arm around her?
Will 60,000 INR be enough for a 3 days and 4 nights trip to Thailand?
What is the relationship between space and time? How is it related to the universe?
What is a good inpatient drug and alcohol rehab center near Greenlee County Arizona?
I drink 2 liter of green tea and only 2-3 cups of water per day. Is that ok?
Where does radiant energy come from, and how does it origin differ from that of thermal energy?
What are the good sides and the bad sides of GST (goods and services tax)?
Can an indian english teacher with B.Ed and MA (English) fetch job in USA?
Should I join aaksh Delhi for NEET '17 as a dropper? What are differences between akash and Allen? Would every batch get good faculties?
I'm a 28-year-old guy who's single and happy. Is something wrong with me?
Draw a flowchart showing the systems and subsystems of safaricom information?
What is the difference between PHP and J2EE? Which one is best for learning web designing?
How does the ASCII thing work and how is it different from characters?
I quit TCS after working for 5 months. What can TCS do if I don't pay the 50000 bond amount and are there any people who have done so? Please let me know if there are any reported cases on this issue.
Which fictional heroes do you think have most shaped the imagination and character of your country's people, both now and in the past?
What happens when petrol and diesel are mixed in equal ratios and used as fuel in a petrol engine?
If I wish to study for 2nd year MBBS, clinical posting and PG entrance exam then how should I manage my schedule? How should I study?
Why is the government abruptly banning the 500 Rupees and the 1000 rupees currency notes in India?
Is there any way to stop getting hurt over small issues by the ones I love and then speaking harsh words to them in turn?
Which is a good inpatient drug and alcohol rehab center near San Juan County CO?
What is the natural number which is greater than 100 and has only 3 distinct factors?
Why do you think we've gravitated towards shows like Breaking Bad, Dexter, Mad Men, and House of Cards, which showcase protagonists who are horrible people?
What should I do if my girl friend acting like or she is busy in doing something and I am so frustrated that she's not clear with me?
What would you do with all the time and all the money in the world?
What are some sects of Judaism? How were they established and what is their difference to Judaism?
What is the first law of thermodynamics and what are some examples?
Where can I get exceptional services for interior and exterior painting in Sydney?
How does the combat experience, discipline and training of the average Nazi solider compare with the average US soldier today?
What kind of economy does Switzerland have, and how is Germany's different?
My sister is in relationship with her boyfriend and will marry, how to break this fake attraction?
How safe is Papua New Guinea, and how does it's crime rate compare to Austria's?
Which is the best and pure honey to buy in India?
For every 100 people, love is useful for 5 persons only and useless for other 95 . Will you agree with me?
What is my after tax income if I make 70,000 USD as a salary and 10,000 as bonus in California? -single, no exemption from Fed tax, Medicare tax, etc.
If someone shares his Google Drive with me and in the future deletes a file in it, will that file be available to me in my Drive?
What is the difference between a girlfriend and love according to a guy?
Why do= some coaching institutes of Kota like Allen and Eduwave buy students who have a probability to top?
How does someone know if they suffer from depression and is it something you can overcome by yourself?
What are your thoughts on the Donald Trump and Hillary Clinton debate?
I like this guy who is committed but he is attracted to me and took me on long rides many times but hid this from his gf. Is he not cheating on her?
Is the court marriage of a Hindu boy and Muslim girl acceptable in Islam or not (without changing religions)?
Is Hillary Clinton right that you \"need both a public and a private position\" to be an effective politician?
I am a final year student and i want to clear UPSC . Where should I start?
I'm 26 years old, working as a professional in Bangalore and earning around 1L per month after tax deduction. I have 5L in my salary account. How do I invest smartly and efficiently?
Which cities are the most safe and beautiful to live in France?
What is a good inpatient drug and alcohol rehab center near Owyhee County ID?
Is there a reason why some people can learn song lyrics faster and retain them longer than others can?
What are the pros and cons of homeschool and public school?
Why are there nations, territories, different languages, and cultures? Isn't it possible to have a whole single region and a common language, culture and religion?
What is the difficulty level of the CCNA exam and the ideal time span for its preparation?
Is 18 too late to learn to sing and play the guitar?
What are some things about the news, newspapers, and news shows could be made fun of?
In Doctor Strange, why couldn't Dormammu agree to Strange's terms and then betray him once Strange undid the time loop?
What are conceptual and analytical skills and how are they different?
Are there any companies in Bangalore that provide industrial training, and who also provide certificates on completion?
How can I get MOOC/E-learning through online web and video courses related to dental surgery developed by Indian professorial/professors?
What led to the rise and fall of the Abbasid Dynasty and the Mongol Empire. Can someone compare and contrast the two?
I broke up with my girl best friend just because she treated every friend of her equally and didn't give me priority.What should I do now?
Can a man become pregnant, carry, and give birth to a baby?
How do I adopt a child's education in Bangalore and keep track of his education? Are there any genuine NGO's I can donate and keep track?
Addition of phosphate buffer, starch solution, saline solution and distilled water results to 2 layers why?
What's the difference between an array version of segment tree and a structure version of a segment tree?
What would be the advantages and disadvantages of Hillary Clinton becoming president?
How are Madara Uchiha and the Ten Tails finally defeated in Naruto?
What is the easiest way to understand and invest in stock market?
What's the difference between a diphthong and a vowel sound followed by a consonant sound?
I don't have any savings, I don't want a boss, I don't want to work hard, and I don't want kids or things. What job or thing should I do with the rest of my life?
Why did A committee setup by congress remove 2 chapters on Vedic History and civilisation from Class 11th NCERT History text books in year 2007?
When should we use the method of substituting x=a+h in right hand limit and x=a-h in left hand limit while solving problems in limits?
What are the conversation between Krishna and Arjun in Bhagbat Gita?
What is the root cause of the decline in faith and understanding of capitalism in the US and how can that trend be reversed?
Why did Nokia choose Windows for its phone and not Android? And why go exclusive?
How long does it take for aloe vera gel to work effectively and notice changes for acne, acne scars, and blemishes?
Which loka is superior, saket or goloka.Some says saket and ISKCON members says goloka\u2026? I am confused!
What are the strongest majors in terms of job prospects and what are the weakest majors at University at Albany?
Why is it that only when a male and female gametes fuse, a zygote is formed? Why not when a sperm and sperm fuses?
What is difference between pure electrical engineering and electrical engineering with electronics and power?
What is the difference between \u201czachte\u201d and \u201czacht\u201d, \u201csterke\u201d and \u201csterk\u201d, \u201czwak\u201d and \u201czwakke\u201d, \u201czware\u201d and \u201czwaar\u201d in Dutch?
I am an Indian student, mechanical engineer? I have done b.tech and I am interested in MBA from Germany? Are there scopes and is learning Germany important?
What would you do if one day, you wake up and find that you are a girl?
Dhruva, IBS, imt, vjim and abs which college is best for placements?
Do Newton's Laws of Motion & the Law of Inertia apply to electrons passing to and fro through a finite conductor, causing it to radiate at both ends?
What should I do if I am really bored and have nothing to do?
Progressives, what will you do once Donald Trump, Geert Wilders, and Marine Le Pen all reach world domination?
I have a small piece of glass in my foot and can't get it can I leave it?
As a foreigner, which country is better to work and live for several years, China or India?
What are the requirements to be considered for the United States Air Force and how do these requirements compare to India's?
Why does the tongue ache and the mouth dry up when you read in your mind?
Who would win in a sword fight between Jack Sparrow and Westley from The Princess Bride?
How do I start a clothing line and make it known online?
Who will win the 25th match between Australia and Bangladesh in the 2016 Kabaddi World Cup?
Why does guy I'm dating send a text once in a while and then either take hours to answer again or never answer back and tries again two days later?
What is your biggest cultural shock and realization from visiting China?
How many odd numbers between 3000 and 6000 can be written using the digits 1, 3, 5 and 8?
Is it intellectual property infringment if I take somebody\u00b4s webinar informations and use them for my informational article on blog?
What's the best advice someone ever gave you, and why was the advice so valuable?
What is the difference between an image captured by a real black/white camera, and a image-manipulated colour\u2192B/W image?
I am buying a new laptop for work (I am self employed), but the last one I bought is only a year and a half old. If I claim the new one entirely as a work expense, do I have to claim the old one as income if I sell it? And if so, can I do it at a discounted amount?
My grandkids had their dog over this weekend and he was in my bed. Would this make my kitten upset and cause him to pee in my bed?
Where can I buy affordable and beautiful birthday cakes across the Gold Coast?
What are the major stereotypes people have about Peru and to what extent are they true?
What are the strongest majors in terms of job prospects and what are the weakest majors at DePauw University?
How can I hide colon between hour and minute from time picker for android in Xamarin?
What is the relationship between GDP growth and the printing of currency notes?
How do I recover my WhatsApp chat and images after three months of deletion?
Whose side is ISIS on in Syria, and whose side are the Kurds and Al Qaeda on in Syria?
How is Bolivia's geographical location unique in the region, and how does its geography compare to Chile's?
How did the first human murder happen? What was the reason? and how did a human being get the idea to kill another human being for the first time?
What is a harmony seeking idealist, and what are some examples?
My boyfriend wants to kiss me and I kind of want to kiss him, but I've never kissed anyone and I'm scared I'll be terrible at it. What should I do?
What is the longest roller coaster in the United Kingdom and how does it compare to the longest roller coaster in Australia?
I really want to achieve so much in life. I know I have the potential, but somehow I am not able to perform well and give all my effort. Can someone help me in getting more focused in life?
How mclr is different from base rate, and how customers are benefitted?
Why is there lower pressure on top of an air foil and higher below? Equal transit theory doesn't explain it.
Why are so many Internet companies and startups using Dutch B.V. companies?
What are advertising rates/sponsorship costs on websites and app like Yahoo Finance, MSN Money, Marketwatch?
What are three things you wish you knew and did when you were a teenager?
What are some good topics for research in computer science and engineering at the master's level?
What is the meaning behind \"ME! ME! ME!\" and what symbology does it use?
Is it normal to feel sad and lonely all the time ?
What was the production of artwork intended for in Hawaii and how is it compared to the one intended for in Pennsylvania?
How do I know if a person who can provoke angry outbursts in others and then walk away as if nothing happened is either a sociopath or a psychopath?
Is graphology a science? Is it possible to understand the past and character of a person using graphology?
Are there any treatments for lung cancer using nebulizers and breathing in medicines or healthy substances?
Why does the Philippines have disputes about islands and water with many of its neighbor countries?
Can top writers get their answers and questions removed for violating Quora terms?
Which mirror form virtual and inverted, virtual and erected, virtual and magnified image?
I tried to install a software from a torrent on my laptop and instead it installed all other sorts of stuff like it changed my homepage. How do I uninstall everything?
What is the difference between computer graphics and computer vision and image processing? How they apply?
When police arrest some drug dealers and there is money, where does the money go?
Which is better for long, thick and floppy hair, gel or wax?
In a group of 50 students, 31 are taking French, 17 are taking Spanish, and 10 are taking neither French nor Spanish. How many students are taking both French and Spanish?
I appeared for JEE advanced first time in 2016 and year of passing 12th is 2015. So am I eligible for JEE advanced 2017?
Which form other than NEET and AIIMS are going to be out for 2017 and I should fill?
Can I recover the deleted photos and messages in mu Facebook account about 3 years ago?
How do you wish conservative Christians would view and act towards the LGBT community?
My teacher said mastering C++, data structures and algorithms is the best way to get a job in large tech companies, is he right?
What is the best way to upload from pc and play music on a Samsung Galaxy Tab?
What is the difference between Integrity and Attitude and which one should one work on more to lead and influence effectively?
Why do comedians like Jim Carrey and Robin Williams suffer from depression?
Do women who expose their bodies realize what the men who see them think and feel? If so why do women arouse needs that they can't/wouldn't satisfy?
How widely accepted are credit cards at small businesses and restaurants in the Netherlands?
What is the difference between the Australian continent and the Oceania continent? Why is New Zealand not part of the Australian continent?
Which is the best book to read for knowing life and works of Abraham Lincoln?
Can someone with a 2.0 GPA and a decent SAT score get into Ivy Leagues?
My parents took away all my entertainment devices because of my bad marks. I'm about 15 and lost hope. I want to start reading books where do I start?
I told a girl that I love her before the right time. Of course she declined and now we just talk as normal friends. Do I still have a chance with her?
CAT Preparation: How should I improve quant and reduce inaccuracy in mocks?
Why are women on Quora so harsh and aggressive towards other women?
What are all the ages of all the \"Dragoball Z\" character and how is their relationship of each character towards Goku?
What is an education? In simple, and complex form, what does it mean to be a highly educated person?
Is it true that Tibetans and Uighurs in China are denied passports?
How has China developed and implemented the workable, practical and proven \"Democratic Meritocracy\" system in the world?
What factors (political, social and economic) led to the rise and spread of Communism in Asia?
I possess yellow teeth and crooked teeth. What can I do about this?
What would happen if a father got remarried and you ended up having a step sister and then his new wife and him got divorced?
If I get health insurance through my parents because I'm under 26, and my employer offers insurance, can I demand a raise since they don't have to pay for my insurance?
My ex has a girlfriend, I am going to tell my ex to stop sexually touching me. I don't know why he touches me and says he didn't mean to and he is going to stop but the next time I see him he does it again. Why does he do this and how will he react after I tell him not to do it again?
Will we see and know our family and friends in heaven?
If companies like Big basket are hiring Shahrukh Khan for advertising and pay huge amounts to them, will they give less value to its customers?
On Sirius Satellite Radio, how does one find out the artist and title of a song that is playing at any given moment?
How safe is Papua New Guinea, and how does it's crime rate compare to Belgium's?
What exactly is a confirmed kill and an unconfirmed kill? How are sniper kills confirmed?
Why is anybody with blue eyes and blonde hair known as beautiful?
What are the most interesting products and innovations that Post Properties is coming out with in 2016?
I left Kuwait on 23rd of feb 2016 and back on 21st August. How many days are there in betwee?
I have a health checkup in 15 days. What are the best and safest ways to lose weight by then?
What are the differences between use and usage? Can I say: the use of chancellor? Or should I use uses?
Who on Quora really supports Donald Trump and can give us reasons to support him?
Which is a good inpatient drug and alcohol rehab center near Whitfield County GA?
Is Germany doomed when it is filled with refuges who are uneducated and refuse to integrate in German Society?
What will happen if Hillary and Donald Trump dies before the election?
If you could create a Micro-nation that epitomizes your ideal of government and economics, what characteristics would that nation have?
What is the relationship between Macbeth and lady Macbeth and its function in the play?
I am 16 years old boy but I am just 5'2. my mum is 5'3 and my dad is 5'7. so my daily routine is to go to gym, drink 3 cups of milk and stretch 3 times (30 seconds per time). if I did it everyday, can I grow to least 175 cm (5'7\")?
Why are queen ants so lazy and less active than worker ants?
What are the advantages and disadvantages of being too nice to people?
Is anyone interested in investing and starting a business in the Philippines? What kind of business?
How is blue as an icon colour for apps using an off white background, and if not not blue, what else would look good?
How has Hawala System fueled illicit arms trades and terrorist activities across the globe?
What are the main goals, pros, and cons of each major 2016 presidential candidate?
Which one movie do you wish was completely true, and you will be the leading character of that movie ?
If you modified a pair of binoculars, with the lenses pointed to the left and right, instead of straight ahead, How would the human mind perceive it?
Why was discontinuing of 500 and 1000 rupee notes done so abruptly?
Why don't Southern India and Sri Lanka form a new country?
As a child, my mother told me that if I am sick, do not eat peanut butter and dairy because it prolongs the sickness. Is this true? If so, why?
Who sings the Shrek 2 ending song \"I Need a Hero\" and how much would the writer of the song earn as a result?
How is the training for NSG, MARCOS, and Garud Commandos in India?
Should I go to MS in US or get experience here and go for H1B visa for a job (getting sponsorship)?
How can I forget the past and focus on the future?
What is the way to move off a car? Should I release the clutch very slowly and then give more gas or give more gas first then release the clutch very slowly?
What are the strongest majors in terms of job prospects and what are the weakest majors at Hofstra University?
Will BJP/NDA win Nagaland, Meghalaya and Mizoram assembly elections in 2018?
What are the strongest majors in terms of job prospects and what are the weakest majors at Xavier University?
Why I feel jealous of so many writers (girls) on Quora who have pretty faces and have huge followers even though their answers are not worthy enough?
What are the basic spices used to make a good Indian curry, and in what order should they be added?
Why does 500 and 1000 Rs notes banned by GOI and new notes of 500 and 2000 are issued?
What should I not do when I have scoliosis and do swimming as a therapy?
If you get in an accident, when should you move the cars out of the road, and when should you wait for the police to arrive?
What is the poorest country in Asia, and how does its death rate compare to the poorest country in Africa?
From last 4-5 days I masturabate alot whenever I touch I open porn and I masturabate 3 tmes a day my 6.5 inch dick really wanted a girl.?
Did Mukesh Ambhani already know about the currency change and hence invested billions in Jio to convert his assets to white money ?
What is the difference between a public (external) and private (internal) IP address? How do they differ when it comes to session initiation protocol?
What are the best ways to reduce and eliminate belly, abdominal, and thigh fat?
If a war erupts between India and Pakistan with whom will Iran side?
If I raised  dollar 100 from VC for my startup, and I pocketed  dollar 20 for my own use. Would I be charged with anything?
What are your views on de legitimization of 500 Rs and 1000 Rs note by Government of India?
My Ancestry DNA results are in. I am 9 percent Irish and 15 percent British. No one in my family is Irish or British. How far back does this ethniticy trace?
What makes a person conservative and what makes a person a liberal?
How do I create mobile Hotspot for sharing internet and wifi direct to send APK in a same application in Android programmatically?
What are the limits of Agile and Lean in getting projects done and team work? What are the pitfalls?
What is the difference between 34 and 34A bra size? Is it equivalent to 80, 85 or 90 cm?
What is the difference between Azad Kashmir and Jammu & Kashmir? Are they similar or different?
I am 21 years old girl with the BMI of 14.9 and my weight is 78 Ibs (35.6kg) How do I gain weight?
How do cancer cells attain immortality, and what's the mechanism behind it?
What is the difference between B. Sc.(H) Comp. Sc. and B. Tech. (C.S.)? Which is better?
Can you get high if your outside and someone is smoking weed like 20 feet from you?
What is the best way to differentiate renewable and non-renewable resources?
Why can't Dumbledore just scoop and throw away the Emerald potion to get Voldemort's horcrux?
What are the differences and similarities between pre-colonial Philippines and colonial Philippines?
What is the difference between past perfect and present perfect tense?
Who invented the famous tastemaker of Maggi Masala and what is his deal with Nestle?
Why is someone being able to comment and reply after he's been blocked and muted on Quora?
If I had 1 million YouTube subscribers and averaged 300,000 views per video with 20k likes and uploaded twice a day, how much money would I make a day?
Who would win in a fight between a Xenomorph and a Terminator (Cyberdyne 101)?
What Will China do when their population reach a high level of formal education, and begin to question the government autority?
If a bag contains five balls. Two balls are drawn and are found to be white. What is the probability that all the balls are white?
Police Procedures: How difficult is it for a policeman to move and work in a different state? How long does the process take?
Why do girls like their own profile pics and status updates? What message do they really want to convey by doing this?
An Italian bank wrote off 9 billion Euros worth of bad debts, and got 5 billion worth of investment. Where exactly has the money come from and why?
What is the Personal Property Security Act and how is Nova Scotia's different from Ontario's?
In Dragonball super why does supreme Kai(shin) and kibito kai are shown as separate?
I was thinking if we could create a black hole that was small enough and controllable, we could use it as a waste dump. What do you say?
What are the best font, size and color scheme for powerpoint presentations?
What is the history of Triple H and Stephanie McMahon's relationship?
How do earn from Google AdSense more and where paste ads and how much ads you can paste on a site?
Is a UK Tier 2 General Dependent visa for my wife and 8 year son likely to get rejected if I am living in a 1 bedroom flat?
What was the writing script of Mahabharata and Ramayana when they were composed ?
As an atheist, you wake up in hell and in time realise God really exists. Whom do you ask for help?
What is the difference between Javascript, JSP, Node.js and EJS? From where should I begin?
How do Grey Jedi and Dark Jedi differ from pure Jedi and Sith?
What are the best ways to find and get funding for startups?
What happens when a text message is sent and the receiving phone is powered off? How is the info stored?
Why do I feel so sad and depressed without my lover?
What is it like to be deeply in love, and to be deeply loved in return?
What can an individual or a family or a business in the Cocos Islands do today to prepare and adapt for the coming impacts of climate change?
What is a remote sensing system and what is it used for?
What is the percentage of Tamilians, kannadigas and the Andhra population in Bangalore ?
I have been having dreams where I am one with somone, and feel every emotion they do. This has happened 2 nights in a row with somone different?
How one can differentiate between Binary and Bcd when no is lesser than 9?
My mother was born in Germany. She moved to the US, became a citizen and I was born after (1975.) Can I get dual citizenship in Germany?
What is perfect way to study and be 100 percent productive in the process?
Is there a relationship between not having dipole-dipole forces and having a molecular structure(simple/giant/large)?
What according to you is the best and the worst thing that happened to India post independence?
What is the difference between constitutional and statutory bodies or powers in India?
What's a great workout program and diet for a 14 year old male?
Difference between calculus 1, 2, 3, 4, super and multi variable calculus? And how many types in total caluculus has?
I(gay) don't date white men and how do I explain to my white friends this?
Why does the RBI increase the repo rate during inflation and decrease it during deflation?
Is it true that beauty pageants such as Miss Universe and Miss World were considered unimportant by most people from developed countries?
How do I find someone email addresses and social media accounts if I knew his phone number?
Do you think the alt-right, populists, and nationalism will be in government for a long time?
What's the difference between realize and realise? How do you know when to use which one appropriately?
What are the most efficient series of steps to learn how to code for a beginner and launch an iOS or Android mobile app in year?
There is some connection between the Fermat's Last Theorem and the Fermat's factorization method?
What is the difference between guided backpropagation and layer-wise relevance propagation?
I want to study in usa I have completed bcom and I scored only 60 percent because I want to earn and settle in USA as soon as possible what should I do?
What strategy should I follow to understand basics of quantum electronics and further explore in research work being a non electronics major student?
Where can I get Physics Vol. 1 and Vol. 2 by James Walker for free?
Who are some lesser known important historical figures of Hungary and what should people know about them?
How is cerebral palsy contracted and what are some treatments for it available in the US?
Why isn't India good in the Olympics and in \"Asian Games\"?
What is the difference between kinase and phosphatase and what are some examples?
Will I be rejected from heaven if I accept Jesus as my savior and beg for my forgiveness at the gates of heaven? (For Christians)
What are the best job fairs near Detroit? When and where are they held? What were your experiences at them?
On HGTV shows set in Canada the houses are so expensive and so close together. With all that land, why is that?
I am loving a girl who sometimes says that she loves me and sometimes she doesn't. How can I know whether she loves me or not?
What if conversion time for INR 500 and INR 1000 was only 5 days; instead of 50 days?
Suppose you are given 8 indistinguishable balls and 24 bins. How many different ways are there to distribute these 8 balls among these 24 bins?
I have failed the JEE Mains even after taking a drop. My dad has done a lot of investment in this and my relatives seek moments like this to piss me off. I'm very depressed right now. How do I overcome this?
How do glycerin and glycerol differ and how are they alike?
What is the difference between sushi and Gimbap? Other than the countries that they are from.
Is there a parable about a citizenry that is kept ignorant and in the dark by tall beautiful walls around them?
I know his name, but he doesn't know me at all and I like him. Would it be creepy to send him a Facebook message to politely compliment him?
Why are deposits not required on wine and hard liquor bottles in California?
What are the similarities and differences between Abraham Lincoln and Barack Obama?
Tomorrow I'll have an interview for a big company as a LabView and LabWINDOWS/CVI developper engineer, any example of questions I'll face?
What would you do if you wake up one day and forget all the languages you know?
What is the best budget hotels in Udaipur for accommodation of me and my friends in this coming New Year eve?
Is it okay when your bf want intimacy every next day, even when you dont want and also you are not able to say no to it ?
I've been doing 100 push ups twice a week for two years and I'm eating protein after my workout. Why aren't my pectoral muscles growing?
How is the chemical formula for titin determined, and how does it compare to that of ovalbumin?
Who will win if India and China will go to war?
Which is a suitable inpatient drug and alcohol rehab center in Lyon County KY?
Why is the left side of my ribcage bigger and more portruding than the right side? What could be the cause?
Can I visit Canada on a tourist visa and find a job and apply for work permit or a permanent residence? Is it allowed?
If you were given a chance to go back in time and change something, what would that be?
How do you save pictures on iCloud from iPhone and make sure all pictures have saved from iPhone before deleting?
How do great people resolve dilemmas and corresponding inaction in their own lives?
What is it like to own and drive a hypercar in Singapore?
I'm trying to pursue a career in front-end web development. I already studied HTML and CSS. Is it a good path learning Dreamweaver and Wordpress?
Why would someone feel full longer after eating steak and vegetables than after a big Mac and fries containing the same amount of calories?
Is it really true that garlic, ginger and other condiments are bad for our eyes?
How does the average German citizen feel about Adolf Hitler and their nation\u2019s role in WWII and the Holocaust?
Are there any free font and brush management tools in Photoshop CS5?
Why don't the Heroes of Might and Magic games just stop using fancy graphics and focus on game play?
It is known that volume of a gas is equal to 22.4L at STP and NTP. How can the volume of an ideal gas be different at different temperatures?
What is the worst injury you had and what's the story behind it?
I'm 5'11\", I'm 15 years old and weigh 175lbs. Am I considered big for my age?
If I drew a line along Wall Street, how many people currently and could feasibly live between there and the southern tip of Manhattan?
Can any country (like China) ever sustain long term growth without innovating and just copying successful American companies? We shouldn't follow them?
What is the history of Beats Electronics and its relationship with Dr. Dre?
Can you recommend a software to help you find and track sold out items on Amazon?
Which tool is capable of detecting both errors and vulnerabilities in Open Stack by parsing its log files?
Geometry: John has 3 unique coins such that the probability of obtaining a head when the coin is flipped is 110, 210 and 310, respectively. If he flips each of the 3 coins once, the probability that at least 1 heads appears is p. What is the value of 1000p?
What is the density, youngs modulus, yield strength and ultimate strength of ASTM A 106 GRADE B?
For random variables X and Y, if Z=X+Y, is then X=Z-Y?
Lately I think I've been detaching myself from the world and everyone. It's like I don't care about anything or anyone. How do I get my feelings back?
In Instagram, when you go to search people there's a section that says \"top\" and has three names. How do I clear those names?
Sincere curiosity; why would an intelligent and decent person who loves America want Donald Trump for president?
Why does Seattle have such low crime and so many tech companies?
Which is a good inpatient drug and alcohol rehab center near Carroll County IL?
What is a way to commit suicide and not damaging your organs so that they can be donated?
What are the demerits of the existing programming language converter, and is it perfect or does it have some bugs or is not good in some points?
Is it true that there is no nobility in poverty and there is cruelty in wealth?
I had a 12 month affair with a married lady. She told me she loved me and was going to leave him, then left me. Should I tell her husband?
When the Qur\u2019an says to be kind and just with non-Muslims, why are ISIS \u2018jihadists\u2019 killing them?
My lesbian friend told me that she loves me. I'm a straight girl and I really don't want to hurt her feelings. What should I do?
My 10th percentage is 83, my 12th is 65 percent, my CGPA in BE is 6.6, and I have no work experience. Can I get into IIMs?
My mom has a very low blood pressure, and she has anaemia; what kind of nutrition does she need?
Which Colleges have a strong employer pipeline and a reliable job placement rate in Data Analytics and Data Science?
Where are cold winters and fires found? Is it desert or mountain?
In Greek mythology, did Athena turn Medusa into a gorgon totally out of spite and jealousy, or was she also (partially) motivated by a desire to protect humanity?
What are Russias interests to fight in Syria and defend the Assad regime?
All the icons are missing from the start menu and task bar in Windows 10. What can be done?
Why do you replace voltage sources with short circuits and current sources with open circuits in Thevenin's and Norton's theorem?
What were your favorite math and computer science classes from Harvard?
Is there an answer book to the Data Structures and Algorithm Analysis in C by Mark Allen Weiss?
I am a SBI PO.Which qualification (CFA or FRM) will augment my banking exposure and will be helpful for landing a good job in a top finance company?
14 men and 9 women complete a job in 15 days. 9 men and 4 women complete that job in 40 days. How long will 10 men and 10 women take to complete that job?
How do I deal with opportunists and selfish people all around me?
Is Army College of Medical Sciences, Delhi very strict for girls? Can you move in and out of the campus freely or are there restrictions?
Sometimes it is strange, we know many people around us and they too know us, but none of them is a good friend to share or express our feelings Why?
How can I get unlimited tokens and cash for my Top Eleven account?
Are humans neutral in terms of charge, and yet have negative charges as 'soul' and positive charges as the meaty body?
What is Niantic's criteria for \"tiny rattata\" and \"big magikarp\" in Pok\u00e9mon GO?
Can activation chemicals (\"SSD solution\" and others) be used to clean defaced (\"black\") money? Is this legal?
How do I easily get acquainted with Web frameworks? What are the details to look out for, and general workflow when using one? What framework to use?
In a gun battle between an A-7 bomber and an Mi-24 Hind helicopter, which would have the advantage?
Why do some smart and wise people think Earth is flat?
Who are some lesser known important historical figures of Ethiopia and what should people know about them?
I am working with an IT company in Pune city and I want to start a small business for a weekend. What would be some suggestions?
I have to take anti-rabies injections on days 0, 3, 7, 14 and 28. But I missed the 3rd dose on day 7, should I take the remaining doses or repeat?
Why are the majority of Pakistanis so fair and pale looking compared to 'dark / brown' Indians and Bangladeshis?
Should I choose to work with a very young and first-time employed professor for my master's research program?
Breaking Bad (TV series): Why don't Hank and Marie have any children?
I mistakenly put my hand in a pot of boiling water and I didn't scald, how is this possible? My hands were already wet, is this why it didn't burn?
Was Genghis Khan Chinese? If yes, how and why did he convert to Islam?
What do you call a person who's face you want to see and voice you want to hear after a long tiring day?
What is the location of Palawan, and how does this Island compare to Rotuma?
What are the positive and negative effects of industrialization and urbanization in Germany?
How far south will the Turkish military and the rebels go in Syria with Operation Euphrates Shield?
Is the multi-lingual panel on the new 500 and 2000 rupees notes? Or is it just Hindi?
What is the difference between units and dimensions of physical quantity?
Why do there are too many IITians and engineers on Quora?
What are the biggest differences between Macs and windows PC? Are Mac better at some certain things?
Naled pesticide being used to reduce Zika spread is killing bees and has serious side affects on humans. Should we be using this pesticide?
How do I study maths when it's already October of 12th and I don't know a thing about it?
What is the difference between an AGP and a PCI graphics card?
What is the difference between UEFI and Legacy Mode which we need to choose while installing the OS?
Where can I find free financial benchmarks and ratios for different industries and companies that can help me to forecast my startup's financials?
What are the strongest majors in terms of job prospects and what are the weakest majors at Texas A&M?
What will be the effect of banning of INR 500 and INR 1000 notes in India?
Why the chosen colors for the headers (bright red and blue) don't look appropriate on a luxury goods website?
I purchased a product online, but after multiple inquiries and nine months of not receiving it, I requested a refund. It wasn't issued. What can I do?
What really makes you feel happy and adequate as a mother?
What is the weather in Orlando like on June, and how does it differ from the weather in July?
If we left earth, would we just need to bring elephant sperm, elephant cells and an artificial elephant uterus to clone elephants?
What are the challenges that Media and Entertainment industry in India are facing today?
What is the shortest distance between the lines x-\\frac{2}{3}=y-\\frac{3}{4}=z-\\frac{1}{4}[/math] and x-\\frac{1}{2}=y-\\frac{2}{3}=z-\\frac{3}{4}[/math]?
What are the differences between a DSLR and a SLR digital camera?
What is the difference between wait and sleep in operating system?
Why is light called an electromagnetic wave and why it is called by this name?
When cops are doing any type of bust and knock down the doors and go in, do they shoot the dogs that live there?
The electronegativity difference between two elements A and B is 0.5. What is the magnitude of percent  in the ionic character in a single A-B bond?
Given a choice between GIM and SIMSREE what should one choose?
What are the similarities and differences between molecular mass and molar mass?
The up quark is less massive than the down quark. Why is the charmed and top quarks more massive than the strange and bottom quark, respectively?
I'm an aspirant of JEE. Till now I haven't paid any attention in all classes and hence I understood nothing. Are there books to make me understand?
Where do black hat hackers and white hat hackers learn to hack?
Is cash/physical money ever going to go away and be completely replaced with electronic alternatives?
Let's say everyone in a plane suddenly fell unconscious and unable to wake up except you, what would you do?
How do I respect the military when wars are mostly unjust and lots of innocent people are killed?
My girlfriend broke up after 4 years of relationship saying she wants a richer guy and good life, after we both got placed at a package of 3.25 LPA. I don't have any siblings and my parents are now separating. I don't have any friends, I just woke up and it feels so lonely. What should I do?
If you deal with CAD and 3D modelling, what do you use for version control and what features do you wish it had?
What's better to prepare hard for cat 17 or to gain some experience of 2yrs and then go for cat as I got selected in infy and DOJ wll be in December?
I have been into competitive programming for about 1 year. I have a fair CodeChef rank and I am able to solve 4-5 problems in the long challenge. I will be joining Infosys within the next two months. What should I do in the near future?
Where can I take a free online IQ and personality test?
How did buying and/or selling a home become so complicated and expensive in terms of the associated fees, etc.?
Good internet service providers apart from MTNL and Hathway in Mahim, Shivaji Park, Mumbai?
Why is the summation of dot product of tension and velocity in a pulley equal to zero?
What are your private rituals when you cannot sleep and are up in the middle of the night?
What can you do if you have an asthma attack and do not have your inhaler?
What is the difference between gingivitis and periodontitis and how are both of them treated?
What is the difference between normal air and nitrogen air used in a bike and car wheel tubes? What is the advantage of using nitrogen air?
Which is the oldest language between Kannada and Tamil? What is the proof?
What is the difference between big O notation and little o notation in asymptotic notations?
What are the differences between an extroverted personality and Narcissistic Personality Disorder?
What are the ways for a girl of 20, weighing 63kgs and of 5'4\" to loose fat especially from thigs, butts, tummy and back?
Which is a suitable inpatient drug and alcohol rehab center in Routt County CO?
Is English exam always the first exam in ICSE and CBSE boards examination?
How do you help a parent going through an emotional breakdown yet when you try to help they always psychologically blackmail you and try to blame you for their existence because they gave birth to you?
How do rich/successful people deal with friends and family asking for money?
What is the relevance of Vivekananda's ideals and teachings in the 21st century world?
What things can an ugly woman do to attract and keep a very attractive man?
How is the general nature of Vietnamese people and their attitude towards expats especially coming from fellow Asian Muslim countries?
Does a break-up change the person and his/her attitude? Does it make the person wiser and matured?
I'm a 3rd year mechanical engineering student. I have published a journal in IJERA with my mini-project (international journal of engineering research and application) and my CGPA is 7.1 up to 5th semester. I want to join an IIT or IISC for my MS. Is this possible?
I'm an 18-year-old Indian and I have never kissed a single girl. How bad is it?
What is the biggest threat to the Daintree Rainforest and what is being done to stop it?
What are some of your own personal stories and experiences with natal Jupiter retrograde?
I am visiting Dubai in four days from India. It's a four-day trip. I am planning to purchase gold and electronic items from there. What is the maximum amount which can be imported without custom duty?
What are all the good things and bad things about India?
Where can I find \"Part Number in Electoral Roll\" and \"Serial number\" on Voter ID Card of India?
Why would Japanese people in their 30s and 40s prefer to live and work outside Japan when so many foreigners are keen on living and working in Japan?
I have a (relatively gross) fetish and this is embarassing. How can I get rid of it?
How can one believe in science and religion at the same time?
Did the paper doors and windows of ancient China become wet, soggy, and fall apart at the first sign of rain?
My man cheated and told me to leave his life but when I picked my staff found him cooking and left some for me he woke up making lunch pack for me?
I need to store images with some detail about it.functionality should include multi-filtering and sharing the result link .where can I do this online?
What is rate of growth of nails and hair, in the case of a normal human?
How should I teach a 5 year old and 2 10 year olds about programming, engineering, thinking, and life?
What is the most prominent and profound moment of your life?
How does Tramadol compare to other opiates, and how does it affect withdrawal symptoms?
What is the last book you read and your favorite line from it?
What is the best online marketplace and app for buying/selling unused or slightly used clothing?
What are some of the best songs and poems about the Taj Mahal?
In antebellum America, how did Yankees in general and Abraham Lincoln in particular feel about blacks?
What is the best book for self-learning Special and General Theory of Relativity. What are some beginner and advanced level books on these topics?
Unfortunately I uninstall my gallaru lock and lost file how can I get my file?
I love Math and Chemistry more than physics but I love to build cars and robots, Should I go for mechanical or chemical Engineering?
As we know, good scents and fragrances are oils in nature and soap and detergents are made to remove the oils. How are they selfmade from oils? How does soap, detergent, and toothpaste get mixed with them without being denatured and how do they remain scented after washing?
What is the best way to program a flash drive to automatically open and perform multiple security applications on a computer?
With a GRE score of 312 (V147 Q165) and writing 3.5, which universities in civil engineering and construction management should I apply to?
Which college is better in terms of education and placement for M.E. , PSG or CEG?
Are there people in the world who dont know and dont care about how old they are?
What is the difference between a \"University\" and a \"University College\"?
What would the consequences be if someone hacked the anonymity feature on Quora and everyone who thought they were anonymous would be exposed?
How does the flume agent gets the available free block and data node information on hdfs for storing the data?
Where are neurons located at and what is their main function?
Why did Donald Trump blame Hillary and Obama for violence at his rallies?
What is the personal email address of the chairman and founder of Apollo Hospitals?
How many Pirates of the Caribbean movies are there and how many more are scheduled to be made?
How much is the weightage of having certificates on trainings and projects while applying for an MS in US universities?
Sometimes I catch myself staring at women's breasts? Is it normal? I am married and love my wife very much. I am confused. How can I stop it?
What are the best methods to improve your focusing skills and attention endurance if you find yourself being easily distracted?
How can I show that the points P (2,-3), Q(3,1)[/math] and R(5,9)[/math] are collinear?
i have boyfriend, his family is schizophrenic,he still normal and not schizo.we will get married.Will my children develop schizophrenia?
My little dog takes her food from her dish, which is on a hard surface and walks about six feet to a carpeted surface. She sets it down and promptly eats it. Why does she do this?
Why did zhao gao execute so many sons and daughters of the first emperor?
What are the various ways by which you can earn and pay for your expenses while traveling?
I want to know how real Russian and former Soviet people think about communism?
How do optical telescopes work and what are they used for?
What are the most interesting products and innovations that Quest Diagnostics is coming out with in 2016?
What are the probabilities of the likes of Yuvraj, Sehwag, Bajji, Zak and others getting a chance to play their retirement match?
What are some good and bad benefits of banning 500 and 1000 rupees notes in India?
There seems to be a difference between my weekly paycheck and the yearly salary my employer agreed upon, how does that work?
My employer is not paying my salary and not gave even offer letter till now. What should I do?
What's the difference between a magnetic field and an electromagnetic field?
Apart from size and name, what do new micro and nano SIM cards offer?
What is the relationship between sociology and education to a primary teacher with reference?
What is the significance of the 13th, 14th, and 15th amendments of the US Constitution?
How do I uninstall kingRoot and it's contents permanently and restore the power of security app in lenovo s660?
What do you do when you are in love with someone who doesn't have mutual feelings back towards you and being in love with them only hurts you more knowing they will never feel the same way towards you?
What do the terms force, mass, and acceleration mean in F = ma?
Where can I get very nice and original flavor cupcakes in Gold Coast?
I'm getting scared about my life as I am jobless and losing hope. What should I do?
Is there data transfer cost between AWS S3 and EC2 within the same availability zone?
What are gold leaf electroscopes and what are they used for?
I have social anxiety and it\u2019s affecting my whole life. My self esteem is so low and I feel I\u2019ll never find a lover because of it. How can I fix this?
What is the Personal Property Security Act and how is Nova Scotia's different from Alberta's?
What's an explanation for blood count and the role of iron in our blood?
What are the best foods to eat to get your proteins and carbs for better muscle recovery?
Dating and Relationships: If a girl likes me, but she blocked me on Facebook, MSN, and refused to reply to my texts, what does it mean?
What would your daily activities be if you had a financial security and never had to work for the rest of your life?
What are the differences between Goddess stories of the Goddesses Kali and Goddess Bhadrakali, are they the same?
How can I dual boot macOS and Windows 10 on 128 GB SSD?
After touch-screen, HD graphics, digi-cam and mind-blowing apps, what is the next big thing you want from your Android phone?
What are the major movie blogs and movie industry blogs and how do they compare?
How do I host a website page and link them to a domain name?
How does banning 500 and 1000 INR notes help Indian economy?
Space Race: How close was Russia from landing on the moon and which cosmonaut would have been picked to walk on the moon?
Is it true that Indian railway does not offer parcel service for Motor bike in Delhi and we can only send bikes as a luggage through Indian railways?
Is there a comprehensive and citable report on HPC cluster's utilization?
Pakistan wants Kashmir out of India, Kashmiris want Kashmir out of India and China supports Pak. How long do you think will it take India to yield?
I m very friendly person and talk to everyone I meet but people see this in a negative way and misinterpret gestures what should i do?
I want to send & receive push notifications to iOS and Android and hold the business logic on my side. What is the most simple way to do that?
Whenever I call my girl pretty, beautiful, gorgeous, or something like that, she just gives me a smile and starts looking somewhere else. What kind of thoughts run inside a girl's head when someone calls her beautiful?
What are some of the benefits and disadvantages of the internet?
What is the economic system of Malaysia, and how does it compare to the one in Russia?
What is it like to take both Adderall and LSD at the same time?
What is it like for a deaf child to learn to read and write? What kinds of methods does one use to teach language and reading to a person who cannot hear?
What are the most interesting products and innovations that M&T Bank is coming out with in 2016?
Why does 0 Celsius equals 273.15 Kelvin and How does that relate to the triple point of water?
How can i find good and high paying marketing profile job?
I tried hair removal cream on my eyebrows and it caused white patches. What do I do?
I'm preparing for JEE and MH-CET. I want to know how much marks should I score in JEE Mains/MH-CET and boards(HSC) to get into VJTI CSE branch?
What are the best Skullcandy earbuds and headphones and what makes them great?
How hard is it for foreigners to find a job and settle down in New Zealand?
Why does my dog sometimes randomly picks an object and start growling when I walk near by?
Emoticons: How does one create and implement a custom emoji in Facebook?
Is it legal to purchase and sell blood in south Africa?
Can a human being lead a healthy and fit lifestyle eating only fruits?
I have a 2011 Hyundai Sonata GLS. Yesterday Engine light popped up and threw a faulty VSS code. Can anyone tell me the location of the VSS in my car?
I am getting a dual degree course for M&C in IITD, electrical in IIT KGP, and CSE in IIT Guwahati. Which one should I prefer?
How did the Dodo bird taste and how was it usually prepared?
Does coffee really make you not tired and energized during the day?
There are numerous reports on how technology such as robots and AI will take human jobs, what can I do now to safe guard employment in the future?
If you were given the oportunity to have a wish, like a genie-in-a-bottle wish, and it will 100 percent come true, what will you ask?
How do you estimate how much revenue SBS and SMRT get per day from daily commuters?
What is the function of an address bus and a data bus in a microprocessor 8085?
Why can so many insects and animals drop from a height many times their body length and not get hurt, but humans cannot?
How can I determine a spring stiffness and geometry for a formula student car?
How difficult is it to launch a new tea brand and distribute it internationally?
What are some of the pros and cons of peer pressure?
Why there is no direct flight between Patna, Bihar and Bangalore in-spite of a good market?
Who are some lesser known important historical figures of Montenegro and what should people know about them?
What are the similarities and differences between monarchs (kings/queens/sultans/emirs etc.) and the richest businessmen ('Forbes richest list' type)?
Who really has all the power and directs the critical decisions of the USA?
What are the levels of Deep Web and what kind of security measures does one need to get there and why?
People often discuss whether we think by words or without them, but when we think it means we have some question to solve and there is a question. Can we ask a question to ourselves or anybody else without words?
I didn't waive my rights for my recommendation letters and I wish I had. What should I do?
How can the distance between two galaxies be measured and approximated if the Universe is constantly expanding?
Where can I find good corn bread and BBQ in the South Bay Area (San Jose to Palo Alto)?
What could possibly cause a sore throat and ear pain on the right side?
China: According to you, what are the biggest weaknesses and main qualities of the Chinese?
Rose of Versailles: Had Fersen reciprocated Oscar's tender feelings towards him when she was initially attracted to him, do you feel they would've been a loving and suitable match? What about Oscar's feelings towards Andr\u00e9? Would they have developed as they did if she had gotten together with Fersen in the story?
What do big websites like Facebook, Google, Twitter, and LinkedIn use for their database?
Why is Abraham Lincoln on the penny and the  dollar 5 bill?
How do I get over my best friend whom I have loved for the past 5 years and who sits next to me in the office all day?
What impact will discontinuation of INR 1000 and 500 notes have on gold rate in India?
Is there anyone who is suffering from inattentive ADHD and trying to do a PhD? If so, how are you managing it?
What norms need to be followed for the manufacturing and production of an extension board and where do I find written copies for the same?
Will ISPs block whatsapp, kik, and wechat if we lose net neutrality?
Did teenage drug use and alcohol permanently damage my brain and is it possible to regain my mental sharpness?
Does the Samsung Galaxy J7 new 2016 have 2 SIM and 1 memory card slots or is the 2nd SIM slot being used as a memory card slot?
What telescope should a beginner buy, to see galaxies and nebulae? What are various resources where one can learn more about stargazing?
Where can I find some quality leather workers and artists in India to hire?
Why am I always following others and afraid to make my own decisions?
I am making a comic book, and there is a girl that fights with a mix of martial arts and parkour in a graceful way. Where I can find good references?
For quite some time now, I've been wanting to learn programming algorithms, but have no idea where to begin. I have knowledge in JavaScript, PHP and MySQL. What would be the best source for me to begin learning algorithms?
Who are some lesser known important historical figures of Iceland and what should people know about them?
Which is the best grocery store and website in UK for Indian grocery items?
How does the RBI pump INR 10,20 and 50 notes into the system?
What are the differences between aerobic and anaerobic respiration? What are the similarities?
What happens if you consume protein bars and shakes but don't work out?
How can I unplug from social media and other technologies which distract me while studying?
How do one learn web scraping and their application with python?
What is the crime rate in the Borough of Ealing and how does it compare to Haringey?
Can my employer sue me if I never signed and employee contract? Why?
I have a small black line on my molar, and it shows no signs of pain or sensitivity. What is it? What do I do?
What is considered a 'good' domain authority and what is considered a 'great' domain authority?
Why is the moon both 400 times smaller and 400 times closer than the sun?
I keep telling this girl she's beautiful and she keeps saying I'm wrong and I'm lying. What do I say to make her understand or make her think otherwise?
How can I keep secrets of my friends, I try but I fail and hence ruined many relationship due to this?
If The Italian Prime Minister loses the referendum and resigns as a consequence, will the opposition parties who wish to leave the EU be elected.?
I like a girl on Instagram, I asked her if she was on Facebook, and she said no. What should I do now to impress her?
How can I gain confidence and tell my ex he has to understand its over?
My Instagram videos have more views than followers and I'm on private, why is this happening?
What is the difference between B.E. and B.Tech in engineering terms?
How do I prepare for the DU JAT PI and GD? What topics are asked?
Which countries have the track record of having invaded Philippines and committed atrocities to Philippines people in the past 200 years history?
Is Node.js inherently better than Laravel because it uses one language for both front end and back end? And is either framework noticeably faster?
Tomorrow is my class 12 biology CBSE board exam and I have not studied anything yet. What is the way such I can score 55+ marks?
I am poor, ugly, untalented, 20 years old, and have big dreams. How can I succeed in life?
I like a girl who I used to be friends with, and she has a boyfriend, what should I do?
In order to make crisp Dosas, what is the correct proportion (by volume) of Rice and Urad Dal to be soaked overnight? Similarly, for making soft Idlis.
In Book of Genesis, Chapter One, verses 3 -5 and 14, did God separate light twice?
At what point did Portuguese and Spanish become distinctly separate languages?
What are the differences between limit orders and market orders? What are their similarities?
When an object is dropped freefall, its kinetic energy and acceleration are constant until the object hits something. true or false. why?
What was the language in Japan before they wrote their own and before adopting China's alphabet?
How many chickens, cows, pigs and fish does an average human consume in a year?
What are some of the best restaurants in California and why are they considered that way?
Why do many Greek names and surnames end with the letters 'is'?
At my college, smartphones are restricted from using the college's WiFi, but we can use it on our laptops (not phones) by using our ID number and password. Some phones are connected to the network, but they can't use WiFi. How can I connect it to the college's WiFi?
Should I allow my Nexus 4 battery to drop down to 1 percent and then keep it for charging or plug the charger at 15-20 percent?
Now that computers have 'beaten' Chess and Go, what is the next step?
I have a laptop, a HDMI cable and wireless controller. Can I make a Xbox at home?
What are the best ways to start writing a novel and organizing the manuscript?
Which non English speaking countries speak the best English and why? Which countries would you rank as the top three in this regard?
How much do you weigh and how much can you lift?
What function do arteries serve on your wrist and how is that function carried out?
How can one make a moving and pick and place robot at home?
How should I study for the reading and writing section of the SAT?
If I need to select 100,000 non-adjacent rows in MySQL based on an indexed field, and do inserts to other tables based on the data, what is the least expensive way to do that?
Religious Practices: Do you agree with the banning of Muslim and Jewish animal slaughter (Halal and Kosher) in a number of European countries?
Legend has it that several editions of a book were created using sheets of glass, a human body and embalming fluid; the body was sliced thinly in section and preserved in this book so you could physically pass through a human body in section as you \"read\" the book.  Does this really exist?
How can I lose weight fast and never gain it again?
What are the similarities and differences between a trapezoid and a rectangle?
What does model mean in academic reading and academic studying terms and give an example for model?
How come Vietnam's PISA score is higher than the USA and SEA (with the exception of Singapore)?
How should I stop thinking about others and start thinking about me?
Tax Evasion: How do you hide cash income from the IRS and deposit it without putting up red flags so to speak?
Is it hard to get into Kyoto University and Kyushu university for BE Civil Engineering?
What is the difference between a black and blue brindle Pitbull? What makes their coloring different?
I saw a man who brought a snake and killed it in front of me in my dream . what does this mean?
Why are so many gay couples so muscular and buff? Is it evolutionary?
I'm friends with a girl who's a year older than me, and going to college very soon. Should I take a chance and ask her out?
Which is a suitable inpatient drug and alcohol rehab center in Edwards County IL?
What are the adoption rates over time for sites like Foursquare, Opentable and Groupon? Especially with their early adopters.
Why are Trump supporters refusing to use logic and believe anything he says blindly?
What are the most interesting products and innovations that Federal Realty is coming out with in 2016?
How do I find someones email addresses and social media accounts for free?
My favorite shows are Glee, Switched at Birth, and Pretty Little Liars. What other shows would I like?
My wife is a fashion dsgnr and I am an Engineer, can we start a firm dealing with both work profiles and how to apply for start up india scheme/loan?
What I have to learn in sound and music computing field, today, in 2016?
He liked me but moved too fast. I told him that and now he's ignoring me and is I still like him. How do I get over him?
How can I crack a .exe application file and get its source code?
Which company is the biggest media and advertising digital spender in Nigeria?
Is the relationship between what happens to the default mode network of the brain (reduced activation and functional connectivity) during certain types of meditation vs. what happens to the default mode network during flow experience (Csikszentmihalyi definition) very well understood?
What are the similarities and differences between Mac OS and Windows?
How does it feels when your crush doesn't even cares to reply you and always you get a feeling that you don't even exist in her world?
What were the major contributions of the political leaders during WW1, and how are the compared to the ones during the Russo-Japanese War?
How do you know you love your loved ones and it's not just a chemical process in your brain making you think you do?
How should I deal with a verbally and emotionally abusive person?
If you block someone on Facebook (who hasn't been your friend before) and then unblock him, does he get a notification, an email, or some signal about your action?
Did anybody from South India (present day Tamil Nadu, Andhra Pradesh, Telengana, Karnataka and Kerala) take active part in India's freedom movement?
What is the difference between V-Ray for SketchUp and V-Ray Standalone? Are there any features that one has and the other doesn't?
What would it take to divide interests of European Union and US, making former more or less independent from the latter?
What is a pure market economy, and what are some examples?
What are the different type of volcanoes in Hawaii and what are their differences?
I am Having work experience of 2yrs in India as an APP analyst and now I am looking forward to do MBA from abroad? What are the job opportunities?
Who is an overall better player and why between Hazard and Neymar?
Would you want to know when and how you will die?
Why do civil aviation models like Kingfisher and Spicejet fail in India?
I lead a team, make 100k, and actively write code in modern client and server languages. I want more. Is 140-180k achievable and how do I get there?
How can we change society to regard being gay as 'normal', and being heterosexual as 'out of fashion'?
I am getting 95 in the JEE Advance this year and the cut off is 66 (SC category). What rank can I expect?
What was it like to be a member of the Skull and Bones with George H.W. Bush?
I have planned a visit in England. I'm from Greece and all I needed was ID until now. Will I need to apply for a visa or a passport after the Brexit?
How do I extract month and year from date in R?
How can I forget the past and focus on the present?
How can I improve the shape and size of my breasts?
What's the difference between a clitoral and a g-spot orgasm, can you orgasm with no clit stimulation?
I talked with my boss. I have another offer with a better profile and salary. My boss said that it is a small company but is not ready to give me a salary or pay raise. Should I quit?
Is it bad that I shake my penis and dont let cum out?
I look good in a beard, I thought I'd shave today and I look heinous. Am I ugly?
In English, are the letters 'k', 'p', and 't' aspirated or not?
What is the best, classiest, and lightest laptop bag for a MacBook Pro and iPad 2?
Why is it ok to show gunfights and explosions on TV but F words are not okay?
If death is the end of all consciousness and there is no afterlife, is death a bad thing?
What are the differences between infrared and ultraviolet light? What are its similarities?
In my fa1 I have got 4 A1 and 1 A2 and In Fa2 I got all A1s and then in my SA1 I got 3 A1s 1 A2 and 1 B1. I want to know my term 1 CGPA?
How do you respond to someone who asks what you've been up to when you have no job, been sick and there is nothing going on in your life that is worth talking about?
Hypothetical Battles: If a war breaks out between India and Pakistan, which side would the USA ally with?
I am a 10th grade student in the USA, and I'm moving to India. What can I do to catch up to other students?
My 13 year old daughter either wants an iPhone 6s or 7. She gets good grades and she's responsible. Which one should I get her?
Which programming language was used to build the Quora application? How much time and people did it take to develop the application?
Why do politicians, instead of having a decent debate on issues going in and around the world, end up fighting always?
What is the difference between creativity and innovation? which one is better?
How would the movie be if Rhea Kapoor had directed and produced Hindi version of sex-AND-the-city movie?
My daughter is 9, her friend is leaving the country and I am divorcing her father, but unexpectedly she is insensible to all of this. Why?
How good are IIIT Bangalore and Allahabad compared to IIIT Hyderabad?
What are some good tips about diet/food and exercise to target belly fat?
How do I recover lost photos and videos from app lock vault in Samsung Galaxy s6?
What does it means to vote and how does your vote count?
I am a 17 year old student in Delhi. I have no social skills and I feel that I have no friends. What should I do?
I want to do both aerospace and avionics in a B.Tech. Is it possible?
How do I promote Fiverr Gigs and how to make my gig visible in Fiverr search?
Why do we have an uppercase L in Liter and a lowercase m in meter?
How do I make a bf when I am shy and an introvert? Will it ever happen?
What is game theory and why it is used in load balancing?
What happens to a Bitcoin if it's owned by a person who buys it and then completely forgets about it?
Which bike is better in terms of durability and performance, the Apache 160 RTR or the Honda Trigger?
Why did Modi government exempt political parties from tax on deposits of old 500 and 1000 rupees notes? Is he succumbing to pressure?
Why are people more willing to give comprehensive and high quality answers on Quora compared to Yahoo! Answers?
Is it possible to take a full semester break at BITS and complete that semester by staying an extra six months in the final year?
What is the best coaching centre for electronics and telecommunication GATE preparation in Mumbai?
I have an untreatable and life-long disabling neurological disease. What is the easiest and most painless way I can commit suicide?
Can someone send me model and price list of Royal Enfield?
I want to be rich by the age of 25 and I am 14. What shall I do now?
What are some good resources both online and offline to learn J2EE?
Which Faculty should I take for Engineering Mechanics and Fluid Dynamics in VIT Vellore?
People that yell and blow things out of proportion are they using this as a tactic to avoid disagreements (honest and clear communication) or are they just overly emotional and unaware? Do you think they are using this screaming tactic as a long term strategy?
[Before Brexit vote] What are the pros and cons of Britain exiting/staying in the EU?
What are the odds of being shot and killed in the US?
What kind of patti saree is and can I wear this saree on wedding day?
How do I find out why Ubuntu completely freezes (keyboard and mouse also freezes)? What are ways to get out of this?
There is a new future documentary with appearances by Michio Kaku and some famous actor. What is it called?
How can the drive from Edmonton to Auckland be described, and how do these cities' attractions compare to those in Windsor?
My DOB is 22/03/1992 , 3:10 am bhilai chhatisgarh.How is my career, marriage and Future life.Can Someone please predict?
What is the best ice cave and glacier within a 3 hours' drive from Reykjavik?
What are the best movies and TV shows to watch on Netflix (India)?
Should I build a website during class 11th and 12th without affecting studies?
I have a Moto G with Android 5.0.2. The issue of getting a call, with no display and only the ringtone audible has come up in my phone since 2-3 days. How do I fix this?
What u think about Automotive Electronics Engineering in VIT Vellore in terms of knowledge and placement? Really ARAI helps? I m talking abt M.Tech
I have learnt C++ programming in school in class 11 and 12. Now what should I learn to become a good programmer, and which online course should I take, and what are more topics and websites for C++?
What are 2016 house construction ideas and construction techniques for an Indian house?
What are the rules and regulations when visiting an inmate at Valdosta prison and how does it compare to prisons in Colorado?
When will the BJP government strip all the Muslims and the Christians of the Indian citizenship and put them on boats like the Rohingya's of Burma?
I had a rash that consisted of red spots that didn't itch and were not raised on my arms, legs, and a little on my torso. What could this be from?
How many people have been infected with HIV and Aids in South Africa in the last 25 years? How are they being treated?
Why are there so many terrorists in Pakistan and why the military can't stop them?
Can you ignore a girl whom you like and who has almost no flaws and likes you too?
I started working in an IT company and I am planning to do MBA. What will be the appropriate time?
What is the possible percentage of clearing IES by just read Made Easy (36) books and without referring text books, which come in post for studies?
Why does Hillary Clinton claim to be so feminist and yet pay your women staff less than men?
How have changing oil prices impacted US and global economic prospects?
What was the significance of the battle of Somme, and how did this battle compare and contrast to the Battle of Dunkirk?
What brand of peppermint and liquorice tea is most similar to Aesop's tea?
How can you find someone with just a first name and a picture? Is it possible?
Have Theological entities, places, and deities (such as Heaven and God) been scientifically tested?
What is the short summary of How to Win Friends and Influence People by Dale Carnegie?
How often do you learn new technologies/languages and how many hours do you spend in a week when you're learning?
1. How can only tools, books, and links will help us to make more profit?
What is the best combination of these courses pay wise and educational wise: CA, CFA, CMA, CS, ICWA, CIMA, FRM, CFP, CMT, ERP or an MBA?
Jesus, Muhammad, Krishna, Buddha and others are all men. Why were there no women prophets?
Who are some lesser known important historical figures of Venezuela and what should people know about them?
What is the difference between a public limited company and a private limited company? Which is better?
What is the evolutionary significance of meterology and how has it changed modern society?
I can't remove my search history on both my Facebook and Instagram. Clearing it from the setting doesn't do a thing. Is there any other way?
If there is comparison of Antonio and bassanio for hero of merchant of Venice who will be the hero?
Do Jews still live in Germany and if they do, how are they being treated?
What is the so called knowledge and learning? What are the differences between these two words?
Difference between Garena version of League of Legends and Riot games version of it? Which is better to play in India?
Where is the Baraka River located, and how does it compare to the Missouri River?
How can I treat blackheads and acne if I have dry skin?
Is it just me, or is Quora flooded with memes and rage comics these days?
Which place is good to learn Adobe Photoshop and illustrator before joining animation field?
What is a suitable inpatient drug and alcohol rehab center in Scotts Bluff County NE?
How do I calculate cement aggregate and sand in cft by knowing the ratio, say 1:2:4?
My ex husband lives with me and forces me to go to the ATM and give him money is that against the law?
How much are Richard Hammond, Jeremy Clarkson, and James May paid for each Top Gear episode?
Cricket: Batsman strikes the ball, is caught by the bowler. But since the non-striker is a better batsman, and is out of his crease, the bowler removes the bails at the non- striker end and appeals for run-out. He does not appeal for caught and bowled. Which batsmen is legally out and why?
What difference does a staff software engineer and software engineer have in terms of roles and responsibilities at IBM?
First came CRT TV, then came LCD, plasma, LED, 3D, and now it is O-LED. What could be the next TV technology?
What is the difference between product based and service based companies?
Which are the top 10 ATM deployment company working in India and what is their market share, in terms of No. of ATM deployed?
Which one do you prefer watching over and over: Game of Thrones or The Lord of the Rings?
I am 170 lbs at 5'6. Would riding my bike 20-25 minutes to and from work each day help me lose weight?
Why work is scalar quantity when both displacement and force are vector quantities?
How hard is Boston University and is it worth going there?
My girlfriend can't find a hobby or something which she would love to do, and she tried a lot of things. What could inspire my girlfriend?
Is it possible that the big bang was caused by a white hole, and would that contradict the idea that there was no prior space-time?
What are the best job fairs near Atlanta? When and where are they held? What were your experiences at them?
What is the climate of California's coastal regions, and how does it compare to the climate in Kansas?
I got a rank of 16000 in VIT, 1000 in UPES Dehradun, and around 3000 in Manipal. What is the best option to choose?
C++ program to skip only the multiple of x and display all remaining numbersa from n numbers.accept x and n from users.?
What is the best app to monitor and limit data usage in Android?
Can I do online jobs from home and what are that jobs?
Where is Vittel located in France, and what are its major tourist attractions?
I am a32 year old single man, doing a govt job in India, not happy with my job and life, nothing much in my bank account, what should I do?
What are the 5 things about India that we should be proud of, and what are the 5 things about India that we should \"not\" be proud of?
How do I record cash sales and credit sales in Tally?
Is it wrong for a teacher to kiss you on the neck and then twice on the top of the head. She says she loves me and she says I'm like a sister to her.
What is the difference between math.h and cmath? What is the difference between iostream and iostream.h in C++?
Is there any documented evidence to the Apple and Newton story? If yes, what is it? If No! Who made this story?
What were the political, economic and cultural effects of the Holocaust?
What are the most interesting products and innovations that Ford is coming out with in 2016?
What is the difference between a psychopath and someone with anti-social personality disorder?
Why is Industrial Engineering not a common field of Engineering and what role do they play in an Oil & gas industry?
What are the disadvantages of changing 1000 and 500 rs currency notes in India?
What is the economic system of Malaysia, and how does it compare to the one in Japan?
What is the best method to compare and contrast photosynthesis and cellular respiration?
Describe a morning where youve lost your sight and are forced to find your way to work without your eyesight and everybody else is blind?
I want to visit Bangalore-Mysore-Ooty. We will reach Bangalore airport on 10th august at 6pm and depart on 16th at 10 am. We are 4 people. What is the best and cheapest way to plan my trip for 5 days?
What will our future be like if Donald Trump wins and appoints new Supreme Court Justices?
My fiance and I are totally in love, but we don't go out much. We seem to find much pleasure in just staying at home and cuddling in bed and going to the gym together. We kiss and hold hands a lot. Is there anything wrong with this?
If a driver opens his car door into the path of an oncoming biker, and the biker hits the door, is the driver legally at fault?
What is the best sort of job for a Computer Science student? I have full time hours available and am looking to get the best experience possible.
When you become one of the strongest leader of your group, there are a lot of expectations, but when your really fed up with their behavior, how do you stepdown from the position and become a free person without really letting them know that you are running away from them?
How does a movie like Happy New Year earns so much and Movies like Neerja does not?
What kind of economy does Switzerland have, and how is Norway's different?
I am unable to login ubuntu14.04,the screen flashes and login screen reappears.How it can be rectified?
What should a software engineer should do if he/she is not liking his/her job and he/she is really very, very good at singing and dancing?
Which is the best site to learn and practice big data online?
How would you explain the difference between a Data Science engineer and a Data Infrastructure engineer (under the wide Data engineer banner)?
India: I am a 25 year old male living with my parents and they aren't allowing me to sleep in a separate bedroom. How should I react?
How a onto linear transformation and one to one linear transformation be equal?
I want to learn how to invest my money in Indian markets (like BSE, commodity and all sorts of leagues available). How do I get started being a 23 year old newly-started-earning guy?
What are the differences between cations and anions? What are their similarities?
Who really has all the power and directs the critical decisions of Pakistan?
What is the history and origin behind the name of 'Anantnag'?
How do I check if a page is active and no 404 error is shown in selenium?
Is there a difference between having sex with someone you love and someone you have no feelings with?
What is the difference between sleep and meditation? Which is better?
Chitpavan: Is it true that Chitpavan Brahmans and Ashkenazi Jews have same origin?
What is machine learning and how it is linked to Big Data/Data Mining?
I gave my cell number to a stranger to WhatsApp and now my phone is acting out. How can I do a mal/spyware scan on Android?
What is a suitable inpatient drug and alcohol rehab center in Carroll County AR?
What is the role of the number 13 and is it the sign of bad lucky?
What is unusual or different about the food and cuisine in Philippines?
Any guys or girls here have a foot fetish? It's pretty common in our world today and I happen to have one myself, If so, have you actually explored the fetish or are you pretty much keeping it bottled in?
What does an investment banker do and how can I become one?
I wanted to learn .NET, but I don't know Java. I know C and C++. Shall I learn .NET before learning Java?
How many people follow both Donald Trump and Hillary Clinton on Twitter?
What's the best available compact camera, Sony Cyber-shot DSC-RX100 or other, and is there anything better coming out in the next 2-3 months?
What is some of the best official and non-official Jurassic Park merchandise?
What is the solution to sequences and series question given below?
Which is the safe and cheap place to live in India?
I'm a junior in high school and I still don't know what I want to do in life. Help?
Which is a good inpatient drug and alcohol rehab center near Granville County NC?
Why do some people who are gay and lesbian discriminate against pansexuals?
What are the advantages and disadvantages of a touch screen laptop?
Do you believe Hillary Clinton to be honest and trustworthy when she says things like, 'You need both a public and a private position'?
What should I choose, an MBA in logistics and supply chain management or an MBA in operations?
What is the deepest lake in Europe, and how does this lake's flora and fauna compare to that of Lake Ontario?
What can I do after B.Tech in Electronics and Communication Engineering?
What will happen if India and Pakistan gets into war and who will win?
Can a non-US citizen be arrested and put in jail in the US?
Got high scores, missed deadline, now have to retake exam next year and due to the nature of exam, I need to spend the whole year studying the same?
What are the strongest majors in terms of job prospects and what are the weakest majors at Western Michigan University?
Do you think there is a relation between Raghuram Rajan leaving RBI and the demonetisation move by the Modi government?
What is the composition of inhaled and exhaled air? How are they different?
What is the best blender for Herbalife shakes and why? How do you make Herbalife shakes?
Will you lose a lot of weight if you don't eat a lot (naturally) and don't exercise, but have lots of water and detox teas?
Star Wars (creative franchise): Why didn't Ben and Yoda tell Luke earlier that Vader was his father?
What are the best books, topics, and ways to prepare for UGC NET English literature?
Which are the best ways and languages to start learning programming?
What is Net Demand and Time Liabilities (NDTL) of a bank?
My wife had pregnancy test 2 time with preganews kit and result was negative and got her periods for 2 months regular. Is she still pregnant? Help me.
What would most likely happen if cats and dogs grow to develop opposable thumbs?
Would my rating as a Top Coder continuously increase if I managed to solve and submit the 250 points problem within 5-10 minutes of starting a match, and submitted it for more than 220 points?
How do I decline working with a potential cofounder gracefully so that I don't burn my bridges and can possibly work or contact them in the future?
What are the units of strength and toughness? Does hardness have a unit?
To people who make YouTube videos: how much money do you make from that, and is it enough for it to be a full-time job for you?
There is a small red dot on my left index finger knuckle, it causes no pain and I've had it for as long as I can remember. What could it be?
Who are some lesser known important historical figures of Cyprus and what should people know about them?
I need to make a development economics thesis. What is the most easy and simple topic to choose from? Is there any website where I can download data for analysis?
Everything is fair in love and war. Can someone justify this?
Which is the best format to download and play from 1080p and 720p, Blu-ray, BDrip, or HDrip?
How can I promote my software apps and services as a software developer?
I have had 2-3 periods since I last had sex 3 months ago with a condom and no cum, my period is 10 days late, could I be pregnant?
What was the root cause of anti-Sikh riots in 1984 and what was the Indira Gandhi's role in that?
What is the importance of education to the United States and how are their views of education different from Austria's?
If 4a = e[/math], \\frac{b}{4} = e[/math], c + 4 = e[/math], d - 4 = e[/math] and a + b + c + d = 100[/math], then what is the value of e[/math]?
How do I create a program that compares two similar lists of product numbers and shows which product don't appear in the second list?
Where can I found a leading manufacturer and supplier of ceramic porcelain tiles in Sydney?
What is a story about a guy who got fired and then went on to do extraordinary in life?
What role does content strategy and content marketing play for economist.com?
What are some good ways to study and understand an existing React.js project?
What is my PUK code number and where can I find it?
One of my friends (doctor) got engaged recently to a engineer girl. His family demanded an 11 Lakh dowry and this boy did not oppose at all. Why do educated people also still follow the dowry system?
I dream a lot about Ghosts, monsters, and I die everyday in my dreams, does it mean anything?
My upper body is in shape but my thighs are very fatty and big ...so how can I reduce my thighs .I am doing running of 3km daily only?
What are the differences between bronchitis and pleurisy? What are their similarities?
What is eddy current loss and how can we reduce it?
What is the descending order of the highest grossing labels and companies in the music industry?
What are the differences between top-tier and average schools for a physics undergraduate program?
What is actually a comfort zone and how can one get out of a comfort zone?
How much of American economists\u2019 policy thoughts and program ideas are based on political affiliation and emotion?
What is the history of the Glassboro train station, and how does it compare to Thornline station?
If you could go back to your teenage self and tell yourself one piece of advice, what would it be?
What are the typical interview questions for a senior legal and compliance job opening in a communications company?
What apps allow you to watch episodes and movies without your parents knowing?
How similar are Philippine President Rodrigo Duterte and U.S. presidential candidate Donald Trump?
I have a problem about overdraft fee and I haven't paid for 2-3 months and I was wondering if I am able to pay my overdraft fee?
I do not understand how to do number 17. I plugged in 1000 for N, 1 for n sub zero, and solved, but I somehow got log (999) /0.13?
I am weak in chemistry how hard is chemistry in any engineering college in any branch and how long will chemisty remain in course until I graduate?
What is the process of trademark surrender in India? Also, if I have not renewed trademarks after 10 yrs, will it be cancelled automatically and no longer need explicit surrender? If yes, from where can I fetch its inactivity status?
I am a weak person, and I give up very easily. I have no control over myself, and find it difficult to study. What should I do?
Is a chaotic strongly interacting dark matter the cause of the Casimir Effect and the probabilistic results of experiments?
How has the power of the British monarchy changed from absolute monarchy like Henry VIII and violence of the Wars of the Roses, to the present?
What is the difference between rankine cycle and modified rankine cycle?
Which country has the best prices for Rolex watches and how expensive is India to buy Rolex relatively?
Why do you open presents on Christmas Eve and what is the origin of this tradition?
How can I become the most powerful and feared man in business?
I have a possible phone interview at Microsoft for an SDE II position within the MS Dynamics CRM group. Apart from the general algos, data structures, and other coding related question is there anything specific that I should focus on preparing?
How should I prepare and present my project for ICSE 10th class?
How can I upload scripts and plugins to use on my websites?
What were the major contributions of the political leaders during WW1, and how are the compared to the ones during the Anglo-Boer War?
Where can I get free ebooks (authors: Sidney Sheldon, Jeffrey Archer, and Agatha Christie) to read in my Samsung Tab 2? Should one sign up for the Kobo app?
Which exercise is better: with heavy weights and less reps, or with lighter weight and more reps? How will these two affect muscle growth?
Is AlJazeera biased towards the Muslim and Arab community and biased against Israel?
I am 15 and 180 cm, I swim play basketball and volleyball, could I reach approx height of 185 cm or more?
What is the best way to learn and understand C++ faster?
What is a good inpatient drug and alcohol rehab center near Shelby County AL?
If there were a war between the Muggles and Wizards, what strategies can the Wizards use to win the war?
The Matrix (1999 movie): Neo tells Trinity \"I thought you were a guy,\" and Trinity replies, \"Most guys do.\" What does Trinity mean by that?
Is it ok to pirate a game to see if it's good, and if you like it therefore buying it, is it immoral or wrong?
I am an associate software engineer working in a reputed MNC for the past 10 months earning 3.2 LPA. I am interested in coding and want to get a high paying job in a good company. How can I plan my preparation daily and what should I do to achieve this?
How do you differentiate I and l ? ( Lower case L and Upper case i)
What are some of the most satisfying and least satisfying aspects of your job?
Is there a concise book reference list for UPSC 2017 (for both pre and mains preparation) and where do I buy them (cheap alternatives)?
Is it true that there is a rape crisis in Sweden and germany after immigration of refugees?
During Tokugawa era Japan what was the relationship like between the emperor and the shogun? Did the emperor have any influence at all?
What are some lesser known and really interesting facts about the Mahabharata?
Can you copy program files to a USB drive and install the program on another computer?
If you deposit checks to a U.S. checking account that bears no interest, and you receive no 1099s for the money you deposit, is the IRS ever aware of your bank balance or bank activity?
What is the difference between BSc in biotechnology and B.Tech in biotechnology? What would be the difference in the jobs allotted?
What is the measure of the angle formed by the minute and hour hands of a clock at 1:50?
How many political leader, presidents and prime minsters, are business owners?
I am a software engineer (2 years) and completed CFA. What are the recommended jobs I should look at in finance and what are the chances for me to make it?
How can I apply for job in Google and what are the minimum qualifications for it?
Do you think Robert would have allowed Ned to refuse to become Hand and stay in Winterfell, or would he have eventually forced him?
What are the most interesting products and innovations that Anthem is coming out with in 2016?
Why is a laser more coherent and more monochromatic than ordinary light?
How many drivers does Uber and Lyft have in the U.S.?
What's the difference between registered post and registered parcel in india post?
Who will win the 24th match between Poland and Iran in the 2016 Kabaddi World Cup?
Would I be able to read some books about physics, especially space and astronomy if I have a heavy backround in maths but little knowledge in physics?
Why do Citizens in France, Great Britain, and elsewhere stage protests when the government imposes austerity measures?
How is the composition of syenite and what are its uses?
Interior Design: What features and components would the dream office contain?
Why can't I motivate myself to do anything, and what can I do to motivate myself?
How do a foreigner incorporate, form and register a business/company in Malaysia?
How much do you rely on technology, and what are the disadvantages of it?
When did Democrats hold a super majority of both houses of Congress and the President at that time was a Democrat?
How should I a 17 year old male make friends with people and ask for their mobile numbers?
What is the climate of California's coastal regions, and how does it compare to the climate in Oklahoma?
My ex-girlfriend tells me that she loves me but she doesn't talk to me and she doesn't want to tell me about her feelings. What's that supposed to mean?
Can you realistically buy 1 house, rent it out and take out mortgages on another house and so on repeating this and renting out each house?
What are the various types of acoustic guitars and what are the differences between them?
What are the basic different types of weapon (firearm) sights, and in what situations would you use each one?
What should I do if the way some people do things annoys me and I tell them about it but they can't change?
How thick would titanium need to be to stop some rifle rounds and anything of an smaller caliber?
What are the best places to visit in Spain and why are they the best places to visit?
Which are the low height and low weight nice bikes available in India?
How do I slow my heart rate and relax under pressure?
Which Edward Bernay's book should one start with for the 'best' introduction to the man and his thoughts? Propaganda, Crystallizing Public Opinion, or?
What will Hillary Clinton's policy be on Israel and their disproportionate use of force against Palestine?
Why does she read my message and take hours to reply?
Is there any scope in electronics and telecommunication engineering after completing a degree?
Who nullified the tariff of 1832 and what was is purpose?
What is a suitable inpatient drug and alcohol rehab center in Toombs County GA?
What are some examples of endangered species in the tropical rainforest, and how do these differ from those in cold deserts?
Where can I get elegant and beautiful cupcakes at Gold Coast?
What were Aman Goel's scores and AIRs in AIITS in class 11?
Are there any certifications and learnings online in the field of market research?
What do flat earthers believe is on the other side of the flat earth and why hasn't anyone ever explored it (or the edge?)?
What is the last date for giving the GRE and TOEFL exams to get an admission in fall 2017?
What are the countries not well known and that are a paradise?
What is the difference between the degree and order of a differential equation?
If Michael Jackson found his purpose in life (music) and had fame and fortune, why was he so unhappy?
People who practice yoga for weight loss and toning, how long did it take you to see the results?
Which blind spots does the religion have or propagate, project, propel and propaganda for/towards its followers/fellows(hip)?
I used mederma scar creamon face and it worse and there is any treatment to rejuvenate new skin?
Why is porn considered a demerit good and what is its negative consumption externality?
Which is a good inpatient drug and alcohol rehab center in Perry County AR?
What is the difference between a DX and an FX format SLR camera?
How much percentage of inorganic organic and water present in enamel cementum and dentine?
What type of car do you drive and what does that say about you?
How can I gain evidence and know for sure if my wife is cheating on me?
How might one prove that A is satisfiable if and only if -A is not valid, via truth tables?
Can I pay half of bill by one credit card and remaining half by other credit card?
My wife is a young dentist. But I don't want her to treat men. Only children and women. I just feel uncomfortable about her treating men. Is it ok?
What are the differences between external fertilization and internal fertilization? What are their similarities?
With the near tie now between Clinton and Trump, can the Electoral College for the first time be useful and stop a Trump presidency?
What is the best checklist created for UX for social media platforms and interactive websites (with active users)?
What is the difference between level and edge triggered flip flops?
My LPI in Lumosity is 861. I know I have a 140 IQ and am really smart. How bad is the Lumosity score?
I have a Chinese tourist visa. Does going to Taiwan and back count as a visa entry?
Is it ok to ignore our problems and just go with the flow?
Why is it so hard to believe that both time and space were created by the Big bang?
Markets react to Trump presidency by rallying and people are protesting in the street. Who is right?
What is the difference between abnormal uterine bleeding and dysfunctional uterine bleeding?
If Hillary Clinton wins the presidency, do you think she will win a second term and if not, who in the Republican Party is likely to succeed her?
How do I get over my anxiety and start with work?
What is the difference between \"Jaya\", \"Ajaya\" and \"Vijaya\" with regards to the Mahabharata and in general? Is it true that Duryodhana is also called \"Ajaya\"?
What are some good places to learn programming languages and their applications in Mumbai?
I love him, but he keeps cheating on me. I know he loves me. I can feel it. But I don't know what to do. It's been a lot of times, and he says he wants to stop to be with me but it's too tempting for him. Then he thinks he has to lie to keep me happy. What should I do?
Why would he say he likes me and then ignore me?
Many famous IT people are worried about AI and its usage in future. Is there a case when someone used AI for a bad thing nowadays?
What are the career prospects for an international student aspiring to pursue \"MSc in Mathematical Modelling and Scientific Computing\" at Oxford? Also, how rigorous is the program?
Is Hawaii a better destination than Tahiti and Bora Bora Islands for a Honeymoon Couple?
A guy who I knew in college recently friended me on Facebook. He is someone who pretty much used and treated me like dirt. I obviously don't want to friend him. Should I let his friend request stay in limbo and not do anything, or should I write him a message as to why I don't want to friend him?
What is done with the grains and cloth used for Navgraha Puja at home?
Why is it apparently ok to sellout family and friends to the cia with their Facebook program ?
What is the best way to get clients for web design and web development as a freelancer?
Which day can be the first and the last day of a century?
In what form does reserves and surplus exist on a balance sheet?
I want to create a website that is available in the US, Canada, Australia, and the UK (basically, all English speaking countries). How do I do that?
Did you ever have a situation that the whole world was going against you and found yourself in a helpless situation while you had done nothing wrong?
What is the difference between deep learning and usual machine learning?
What is the last date for giving the GRE and TOEFL exams to get an admission in fall 2016?
Should I go to the US after completing 11 and 12 or after engineering? What would be better?
Which are the major highways in California and how are they compared to the major highways in Nevada?
Why is it that even in fair skinned women the crotch and inner thighs near crotch are dark in colour?
I want to start a forum where people designers in my area can rub minds and share solutions to issues but I am new to the trade. Does that matter?
Do judges have biases and if not, how do they limit them?
Why is plaster of Paris called \"plaster of Paris\" and not by any other name like cement concrete?
What is the history of each US military officer and warrant officer's insignia?
Why China is seen as a treat when New Zealand, Ireland, Turkey, South Africa and Austria are also against India's NSG membership?
Is there an answer book to the Data Structures and Algorithm Analysis in Java Adam Drozdek?
What is the difference between regular and direct plans of mutual funds?
What is the name of a Bengali novel where a girl aged 7 was married to a guy aged 11 and the guy comes back after completing his study in kalkata?
Left around  dollar 6K of debt in the US 2 years back. My visa got rejected and I never went back. What is my best way forward?
How do France's economic activities compare and contrast to those of Portugal?
Which is the best suitable bike (budget: 70-80k), for a guy who is 5'5\" and 52kg in a city with high traffic for a daily commute in India?
Assuming you find an employer willing to let you do so and are legally able to, how difficult are the logistics of living and working remotely (long-term) from another country while employed in the U.S. (e.g., as a software engineer)?
Was Murphy a real person, who was he, and why are his laws so messed up?
What if I plant a creeper and allow it to creep on my house? What are the advantages and disadvantages of doing that?
How can I install Windows 10 on my laptop and I\u2019m using Linux now?
Is the Clinton Foundation a money laundering organisation and can this lead to Hillary Clinton being indicted?
What is a suitable inpatient drug and alcohol rehab center in Cherokee County AL?
Why do (some) the older generation love blaming and shaming the youth so much?
Do you think that if Donald Trump were elected President, he would be able to restore relations with Putin and Russia as he said he could, based on the rocky relationship Putin had with Obama and Bush?
I'm looking to switch from android to IOS. Give me some reasons, suggestions and insight into why I should/n't? Always used android.
What would happen if moon were to start come closer to Earth, and eventually collide with it? What would be the consequenses and for that matter, what would happen to Earth?
How can I treat pins and needles in my left shoulder?
Does 4 years of Taekwondo and 4 years of boxing make me a good Kickboxer?
Which is the best among ITBP, BSF, CRPF, SSB and CISF in paramilitary forces?
What are the five best apps to buy for kids 8 and under on the Kindle/Ipad?
What are some unusual aspects about politics and government in Singapore?
What are the biggest challenges and problems faced by Philippine OFWs today?
Which are the best Drug or Alcohol Rehab, Detox and Recovery Program Centers in the Madera County California area?
What is the reason of communal violence between Jats and Muslims, every time before elections in Uttar Pradesh? First Muzaffarnagar and now in Bijnor.
Should I follow American sports? I follow cricket and European football, should I follow NFL, MLS, MLB, NBA or other North American sports?
Should I mention in my resume that I have reviewed a couple of papers for the Journal of Intelligent and Robotic Systems from Springer Publication? If yes, how?
How do I prepare for data interpretation and logical reasoning in the CAT?
Is Chiranjeevi more popular in Andhra Pradesh and Telangana than Rajnikanth in Tamil Nadu?
How would I spoof a t shirt and track pants to that early to mid 90's vibe?
Is there a free way to count number of tweets and retweets on a specific account (not mine)?
How many scientific studies support a climate sensitivity of above 3\u00b0C and how many support a sensitivity of below 3\u00b0C?
Which startups are best positioned to compete against Dun & Bradstreet, Experian, Bureau van Dijk, and the other incumbents in the business information space? Why?
Which mba college among IMI, New Delhi and Gim ,Goa is better in terms of return on investment and overall brand value?
What are the various competitive exams to give in and after 12th for a PCM student?
How big a problem is moral hazard in healthcare and would it be right to let those who over-spend pay more than those who under-spend?
How many times in a 24-hour period do the hour and minute hands of a clock form a right angle?
My best friend (girl) is like my sister, and now the biggest hurdle between us is her guy who doesn't want me to stay in her life and she has blocked me, but since she is my sister, I can't let her go off my life. I seriously can't imagine a moment without her. How do I get her back?
Is there any difference between Suzuki Gixxer sf sparkle black and metallic triton blue (motogp) , 155cc?
How do I make my parents understand my situation and make them give me money to finish my studies rather than blackmailing me for marriage?
My eye doctor has given a number for long -2.75 and for short sight I need not wear glasses. I intend to use contact lens. How to go about?
What are some common Jamaican last names, and what are their origins?
I want a career at building computers but I'm new to this and don't know where to start. What should I do?
According to the Islam way, how does one transition from single to marriage and how and what are the processes. People give experience and examples
Why did my host's cat decide to rub itself against me, keep running in my direction as to block me, and also decide to lunge up at me while meowing voraciously?
What are some differences between the book and TV versions of Daenerys Targaryen?
My Portuguese parent wants me (British, born and raised) to get a dual nationality with Portugal. What are the pros and cons to this?
I am 5'11 and 57 and want to gain weight and muscles. recommend me a diet plan?
Why are Lay's packets filled with so less chips and how much do they earn from a 10 rupees packet?
What is the evolutionary significance of computers and how has it changed modern society?
The names Lesley/Leslie,Lydia,Cheryl and Mavis ,which one is better for someone who likes traveling and seeing movies?
What is the CET cutoff for Civil Engineering and CS in COEP? (SC candidate)
If space is continuous can a finite volume store an infinite amount of information and would the universe be keeping track of something with infinite precision?
I am currently pursuing a second master's degree and want to drop out to pursue a doctoral degree at a different school. How do I explain this?
How do you use the IF and VLOOKUP functions together in Excel?
What introductory book on Indexes and SQL tuning would you recommend?
What are some interesting tech giants' (Google, Facebook and Amazon) stories that have not yet been written about by any media organization?
How can I create a dashboard that displays my consumer and color the cells for whom didn't buy for a long time?
What are the steps to isolate pronouns, verbs and adjectives from a corpus?
What do Azeris of Azerbaijan think about Iran and their past ties with with this country?
I am commerce graduate passed out in second class and I am confused about my Career and in that case what should I do?
Why do some people lie about their accomplishments and about others even when others see right through it?
Philosophy of Mind: Reading self help books and upvoting 'life advice' questions in Quora. Are both of them mean the same thing?
What is the difference between MTech and BTech students studying in the top level of IITs?
Can I download an iPhone app APK and launch it on my device? (Not from the AppStore)
I'm 25 and I want to learn kick boxing. I have no prior experience in this sport. I know age doesn't matter and my heart is eager as my will to learn. Is it late to start?
Is there a legitimate and honest way to make money fast?
A-Rod 2014 Full Season Suspension: Why is Lance Armstrong a pariah and banned for life, while Alex Rodriguez is only banned for a year and looking forward to his \"reset?\"
What was peasant clothing like in the 18th century and how was it compared to the one in the 20th century?
Can Anybody give the name and of the movie (see details)?
Let's say everyone in the plane suddenly fell unconscious and unable to wake up except you, what would you do?
What if a bird is flying over an ocean and with no signs of an island near by, gets tired?
I am a 12th grade student. I had scored a 92 percent in my SSC exams. But in the 11th grade I couldn't score well and didn't understand how to study well. And due to the low marks I obtained last year, my confidence has become zero. What should I do?
What is the difference between HDD and SSD in layman's terms?
At what speed does a high pressure and temperature steam travels in a tube?
Why is weed illegal in many countries and alcohol is legal almost everywhere? Just curious.
I proposed to a girl today. She thinks I am only attracted to her because of her looks, when I don't think she is that beautiful. But I love her spirit and attitude about life. How do I convince her that I am not that shallow a person?
What is the difference in learning programming and programming between the Windows system and the Linux system?
How can you avoid feeling scared and paranoid of meeting new people when going to college?
How do I prepare for ISRO exams? What is the date and when do I apply for exams in 2017?
Where does the water from the Great Lakes come from, and how does these lakes wildlife compare to Lake Prespa?
Is the white spider poisonous, and how does it compare and contrast to the dolomedes spider?
Which laptop is better, one with 1.8ghz and 8GB ram or one with 2.5ghz and 4GB ram?
What is the difference between tier 1 and tier 2 special operators in the U.S military?
What is the difference between a law and a taboo? Or a superstition? Or ill-favored behavior (such as swearing)?
What are the differences between chordates and vertebrates? What are some examples?
If \"the truth will set you free\" what is the truth and what are you set free from?
How can I explain the difference between terminal voltage and emf in terms of work done by battery force and electrostatic force?
I know the email account used for Facebook but I forgot my password and the phone number I used is no longer active. How do I recover it?
I met a guy and we dated twice. He didn't call me for a week and I resented it. I stupidly texted him not to call me, but I was insecure and thought he wasn't interested. I still like him. How do I fix this impression?
Should I apply for University of Michigan since it has a MEngg. in robotics (E.C.E dept) and no MS in CS with a specialisation in machine learning?
I'm a master's student at the faculty of electrical engineering but I love maths and am thinking of enrolling in a PhD. Do you think it is possible to study math by yourself to prepare for a PhD?
My friend suddenly stopped talking to me. I've tried talking to her, but she ignores me and talks with my other friends instead. What should I do?
I dated a girl for around 1.6 years. Before me, she had 3 boyfriends, and after dumping me, she made a new boyfriend within few months. How can someone move on so quickly?
Why do I sometimes get mild chills and dizziness when I drink lots of water (~2L) in a few hours?
I think about a girl constantly. I will never have her and it's unhealthy, how do I stop this?
Why do so many White people feel compelled to openly critique BLM and Civil Rights measures in general?
If you were dying, would you upload your consciousness and your memories into a 10-year-old clone of yourself?
What is the best coaching institute for the GRE and TOEFL/IELTS with counselling in Pune?
Why does a car lose power and can't climb a hill?
If a person spends more than what he earns by getting money from his family and friends, how can he account in income tax?
Why are so many distinctions made between European and Asian cultures and ethnicities, whereas Africans are very rarely distinguished as much along the same lines, and how can that be rectified?
Atheists; do you have any scientific and tangible evidence that God doesn't exist?
What is the best boiler for heating and hot water in Europe for a flat?
What variables should I consider in making a spreadsheet to compare cars and how they have advanced over the years?
Do women like men in flip flops? I started wearing them 6 years ago and have gotten many compliments without searching for them.
What is the best way to get unlimited gold and cash in Tap Sports Baseball?
Why do cats knead and lick things like couches or beds?
Who poisoned King Joffrey in Game of Thrones, and why did he/she poison him?
It is certain that Harry Kane has raised his confidence and skill, without a doubt. However, on the match against Chelsea it seemed that he was overconfident and trying to cut out half a dozen defenders. Even though his runs can't be ignored, but, is he growing overconfidence?
What is the difference between pantry car and on board catering in Indian railways?
What are your favorite programming languages, why, and what features make them amazing?
What is the difference between qHD and WVGA screens used in smartphones?
What is the best way to learn and master a computer programming language?
I am a statistian and I want to learn programming.. with what and how shoul I start? N.B: I know nothing abt programming
Does it mean something when I asked a girl out on a date, and my friend said she was being nice to see if she have plans?
What is the best school/junior college for 11th and 12th Science - CBSE in Hyderabad?
I have a female dog and she has this stuffed panther. Every time I come home, she goes and gets it and then shows it to me. Is there a specific reason to why she does that?
Which are the major highways in California and how are they compared to the major highways in Missouri?
Is Nate Silver worried about underestimating Trump again and does that bias his current reporting/analysis - because he missed Trump in the primaries?
Are there many people who know of Ho Chi Minh and do you think if he was good or bad?
My mum said \"Go to bed Grace\" drunkenly, I asked what she meant and she said \"You won't learn until you're older\" what is wrong with her?
How can I change my attitude towards myself and be more focused on what I want from life in my 40s?
What things do we do now, that we will look back on in the future, and think we were crazy to be doing those things?
I am tea distributor around Kathmandu, Nepal. I have orthodox silver and golden tips so I want to supply to out country. what should I do?
Is knowledge (knowing things) redundant now, since you can search and find out about anything very easily on the internet?
What are the legal separation laws in PA and how do they compare with the ones in Minnesota?
I am regretting that I did not study well in 11th and a few months of 12th for JEE. How can I prepare for JEE from now?
Aren't The Eye of Aggamoto and The Time Gem separate things?
What, if any, influence did Plato and Aristotle have on Judaism?
My friend mentioned Paypal on Fiverr chat and got banned, is it permanent or temporary?
When we play cricket (casual one) we omit the LBW law. So the batsman just covers the wicket and I am a pacer. How can I take a wicket in such situation?
For a beginner, which is the best method for an investment and if buying shares is the best method, which one will you nominate for a safe buying?
How black money in INR transferred and deposited into Swiss banks in dollars?
What if a boy loves you deeply and he is bad in looks. should I accept his proposal?
What do I do if Fedex says my package was delivered but I haven't received it and never left a note of me not being home?
My girlfriend says she misses her ex. It bothers me a lot, and last night she even told me I should leave her. What should I do?
What would you do if you and your best friend love the same girl?
What are the arguments supporting/against dropping out of school and focus on self-studying through MOOC instead?
Who coined the word \"India\" and how river \"Indus\" was named?
I go to gym every day and I follow good diet, but I can't get rid of my tummy fat. It is really so big and it really bothers me. What should I do?
I have 95 percent in 10th, 95 percent in 12th and CGPA 7.8 in B.Tech  at  IIT KGP ECE, what should be my CAT score to make it to an IIM?
What is the best used vehicle to tow a 4,000 pound trailer and have at least 120 cubic feet of cargo volume?
I am a CAT 2016 aspirant. My past academics are very poor. I got a 10-7 CGPA equivalent to 66.7 percent,12-76.4 percent, and a BCA (GGSIPU) of 81 percent until now. Will I get calls from IIM-ABC if I get 99.8 percentile in the CAT?
Why is there a lot of news regarding Singapore and China relationship turning bad recently? Are those news true?
What are the strongest majors in terms of job prospects and what are the weakest majors at Northwest Missouri State?
What programming language and software are used to create Android and iOS apps?
What is the difference between an agency and a consulting company?
What is it like to move away from home and live alone as an eighteen-year-old?
What is litmus paper made of and what is it used for?
What is the latency between camera trigger and the actual video taking of a GoPro Hero 4 Black?
What is the difference between bands, clans, tribes, and chiefdoms in ancient societies?
Why are people SO loyal to Trump even after all of the horrible and untrue things he's said and the countless times his claims have been disproven?
My OnePlus 2 phone is charging really slow.I tried ampere app and its showing around 100mA.Whats the problem?
How far could the average airliner glide if it lost all engine power at normal cruising altitude and speed, assuming it could power flaps etc. without engines?
Why do gravitational waves only stretch and strain space in the transverse direction?
Since I stopped eating meat my skin cleared up, I feel better, and have more energy. Why? I thought meat was good for us.
I was not able to give my BCom 1st year last exam because of chicken pox. Now I will have to give my back paper and the back paper will destroy my future. What should I do now?
How much do Barack Obama and other Ex US president know about Area 51?
How common is it for people to ask you \"describe your favorite books in detail\", and you to be unable to describe much of what's inside them at all?
What are some ways to implement push notifications on LAN and what are some existing libraries?
Which is a good inpatient drug and alcohol rehab center near Owen County KY?
Where is Britney Spears now and what is she doing in her life?
Whenever I move or stand up I see black spots and feel dizzy, why is this happening?
Why do people merge even irrelevant and different in context questions on Quora?
Can I develop using images of celebrities and politicians in the game app?
Who are some lesser known important historical figures of Djibouti and what should people know about them?
What is the difference between unfollowing and muting a question on Quora?
What are the least common multiples of 12 and 15? How are multiples used in equations?
Who invented the military camouflage and what was the original intent behind it?
Why always there negative stereotypes of dark skin and brown skinned African American people?
If there was a website for NRIs where you could order stuff from India and get it to your doorstep, what would you want to order?
What are the main imports and exports of Venezuela, and how does Venezuela's industry compare to Trinidad and Tobago's?
I was an excellent student.I had a psychological problem and after that I found my intelligence diminished to meagre level.What should I do?
What falls but never breaks and what breaks but never falls?
What's the body that governs sports in Norway, and its (email) contact point?
What are the approximate travel times (and costs) between Yale and every other major research university in the Northeast?
My 17 year old daughter didn't go to her speech therapy class and now her teacher called me and is immensely angry at her. Should she have gone?
What are some good hobbies and interests to put on a resume?
Draw a flowchart showing the systems and subsystems of safaricom information system?
Which is a suitable inpatient drug and alcohol rehab center in Halifax County NC?
I'm looking for a song in which video a female runs from her husband because he is violent. The female gets into a man's car and he takes her to his home. Then the angry husband comes after her and he shoots both of them and you think they're dead but they are not. What song is this?
Why were the planets named after Roman gods and not Greek gods in the English language?
Which is a good inpatient drug and alcohol rehab center in Coffee County GA?
I had a sharp shooting pain when I put my right leg on the floor and now I cant walk, what could this be?
What astrological conclusions can be drawn if Rahu, Ketu, Saturn and Uranus are in exaltation signs in the natal chart of a person?
Why does keyboard keys are random and not in alphabetical order?
How do I download VR videos from YouTube and view them in gear VR?
How was Facebook developed and why is it so popular today?
What color is human blood, and what makes it that way?
How will demonitizing of Rs. 500 and Rs. 1000 notes will affect common middle class man?
Who is the top boss at iFeel, and EINS education, a sister concern of Welingkar's?
What are some of the important questions and answers for The Invisible Man novel in 12th CBSE?
What is the best pencil, eraser and paper to use for drawing cartoons?
What are your views on banning 500 and 1000 rupee notes? How does it affect black money and is it really gonna work and expose all the black money?
How are apostrophes supposed to be used in relation to putting them at the end and beginning of a word? (i.e. 'info') What's the purpose of this?
A number when divide by 16 leaves 6 remainder, when divided by 17, leaves 7 remainder and when divided by 18 leaves 8 remainder. ID the number is N. Then what will be the remainder when M, where M=N^2 +6N+16 is divided by 12?
Should I start studying Resnick Halliday, Irodov, OP Agarwal and OP Tandon in class 11 if I am preparing for the IIT JEE?
Should I have broken no contact? I broke contact after 6 months of no contact. I broke up with him. I got a good response and I felt good after doing it. He was so nice to me that I couldn't believe it. I miss his friendship was I wrong to break no contact?
What is the nearest airport to Daytona Beach, and how do this cities tourist attractions compare to Birmingham's?
What is the meaning of \" I believe in innovation and that the way you get innovation is you fund research and you learn the basic facts \" ?
Is it possible for a barcode scanner app to scan a sports ticket and recognize what game the ticket is for? Or is the barcode proprietary to the company who created it and an app wouldn't be able to recognize what the game is? Thanks!
What will happen to my body, if I started to bathe with cold and hot water on the alternate days?
Why is it hard to make real friends and not just people you know by their names?
I have  dollar 50,000 which I would like to invest and earn a return of at least 15 percent every year from. What is the best way to invest it?
While downloading the \u201cWhatsApp\u201d app from Google Play store, it shows \u201cError code: -11\u201d and the app doesn't get installed. How do I solve this problem?
What is the historical background of Cinese workers on Australian gold mines, and how does gold production compare to production in other countries?
I have been working in TCS for the past 9 months. Will the allocation and deployment index affect those trainees who haven't completed one year?
What are the most interesting products and innovations that Level 3 Communications is coming out with in 2016?
Can I get any job if I can code in JavaScript and PHP with basic knowledge of HTML/CSS?
Why does every guy I want to be friend with fall in love with me subsequently causing rift in friendship? People say I'm quite pretty and have a attractive personality. what should I do to avoid this situation?
What is the volt per hertz ratio and over fluxing of a transformer?
I was wondering how James Gosling invented Java programming language and how he create identifier, methods, keywords etc.
Is there a St. Marie Trezelle? How did she become a saint and what was her contribution to the faith?
How can one leave everything behind and travel the world without money?
Who has/d been referred as \"son-har-ini\": between Goddess Kali and Durgah, as per Sons-crit-on/Hindu-tvam mythology? And why?
Why does society focus on the size of a man's penis and not the size of the woman's vagina?
I've read that Google uses Python for YouTube and search. Do they compile the Python code to C using Cython for optimization?
Which are the major highways in California and how are they compared to the major highways in Iowa?
How do I unlock a PC without knowing and resetting the password in Windows 7 with out recovery?
What is a suitable inpatient drug and alcohol rehab center near Emanuel County GA?
How do I scrape contact information and email from a web page?
Can I power 1 servo and two DC motor using the USB cable?
Is it against the law if I am 16 and I date an 18-year-old who is only three years older than me?
In terms of operating systems, What do abstraction and virtualization have in common? How are they different? Give an example of each.
Has the influence of Africans in science and math been underestimated?
What led to the Green Revolution in India? How did it occur and what effects did it have on India?
For the same specs of both Windows and Mac, which runs better?
How much cement, aggregate, and sand are required in 1 block?
What is the evolutionary significance of communisim and how has it changed modern society?
Perhaps I'm wrong, but Russia seems to take disinformation and propaganda to a far higher level than the US, fully integrating it into war planning. Am I missing something?
Why is it that all Indian parents want there children to be Engineer Or Doctors and same time expect them to get an olympic Medal?
I have developed feelings for a girl I am friends with and don't know if she likes me too, what should I do as I don't want to ruin our friendship?
How much important is India-USA Relationship is to Hillary Clinton and if she become president what will be her propaganda for Foreign relationship?
Is the white spider poisonous, and how does it compare and contrast to the pirate spider?
A girl of 50 kg travelling at 24 m/s hits a snowdrift and comes to rest 3s later. What is the average frictional force exerted on her?
I have been on a diet for 2 months and lost only 4 pounds. Am I doing something wrong?
I'm Taurus ascendant. My Venus is in 10th house along with Saturn, Mercury and Moon. Mars being in 9th house with Sun. Is that called Sannyasa Yoga?
Being an 'owl', I usually go to sleep at 11pm-1am, but very rarely, I wake up early (e.g. 5am) and feel kind of a euphoria and rise of productivity, which lasts until afternoon. Is there any medical reason for that euphoria?
How can I utilise the 5 days before the maths board exam on 18/3/15 and simultaneously study for the economics board exam (20/3/15)?
If you are Donald Trump supporter who goes to his rallies, and strong opponent of gun free zones, aren't you a hypocrite and why?
I have 160 marks in the JEE Mains and 93 percent in boards CBSE. Can I get MNIT?
What is the market size of the creative industry in the US in 2014, and how is it expected to change in 2015?
What is the ` (the character under the tilde) called and how can it be used in PHP programing?
How much math is involved with becoming and being an airline pilot?
Can an indian with B.Ed and MA (English) fetch job in USA?
Has anyone really tried ouija board and have experience of talking to spirits through it?
Is it ok to do chest and legs on the same day? I don't squat and I use the leg press.
Is it possible to track someone remotely through GPS on his phone without his knowledge and without installing any software on his phone?
What is a suitable inpatient drug and alcohol rehab center in Cullman County AL?
How do I improve my logical thinking and problem solving skills?
I am moving back to India. My daughter is a 11th grader. Can she complete her 11th and 12th grade by online courses, or home schooling?
Should I flash my Xiaomi Mi4 with Windows 10 ROM? What are the pros and cons in switching from MIUI to WIN 10?
How the future of IT Services landscape likely to evolve and how will the Indian IT industry be affected by this?
What is the difference between Electronics & Communication Engineering and Electronics & Telecommunication Engineering?
At a conference, 13 members shook hands with each other once, before and after the meeting. How many total number of hand shakes occured?
I am very interested in photography and recently took nikon d5300\u2026can anyone suggest good websites and videos to learn photographyy?
What is a suitable inpatient drug and alcohol rehab center near Baker County FL?
Does erasing all content and settings get rid of my iPhone's line?
Where can I get an affordable and hassle free service for property transaction in Sydney?
Can I further my study in medicine and surgery? Although I'm from a pharmacy diploma graduate
Why do some people think that laissez-faire capitalism has been tried and failed in the US and some other countries when in reality it never has existed?
I am writing my extended essay in English and have picked a book and question. The problem is that the book has 'stories within stories' and I don't know how to link this with my EE question. What should I look for while reading, and how can I ensure that I have enough analysis covering 4000 words?
When I start up my Mac it won't let me log in and has a question mark in the enter password box, what is happening?
Can a Btech degree holder apply for India Post Payment banks and what is the future and salary for Grade-1 officer(JMS) in IPBB?
What are the signs and symptoms of being in love and falling in love?
Diploma in mechanical engineering in Kerala and the job opportunities for freshers?
What is Jakob Nowell, Bradley Nowell's son, up to and will he pursue a career in music?
When will Earth's natural gas reserves become exhausted, and what can humanity do to prevent them from becoming exhausted?
If a leo man starts ignoring after geting closer, and refuse to tell the reason what does that mean?
Shouldn\u2019t we decide our goals and targets for next Olympics to be held in Tokyo 2020?
I want to upload my own made music to youtube and monetize it. How do I prove to youtube that I made this music?
Where was game 6 of the 2015 World Series held and what were the teams that played?
I'm broke and lonely. Tomorrow everybody is going to celebrate New Year's. Everybody is going somewhere with friends, families and girlfriends. I do not have the money to even eat something good and no one to celebrate with. What should I do?
Why do people get so butthurt and report an answer that they do not like?
What is new and noteworthy in the Marketing field and how do I learn it?
Which is the best institute for SAP training and placement in Bangalore?
I intend to use a microcontroller (AVR) to design a system that captures a value from a sensor and stores the data over time. How do I go about this?
What is a synchromesh gearbox and how it is different from a constant mesh gearbox?
Who the hell is Tai Lopez and why do I keep seeing him on YouTube commercials?
If a person is comatose for three months, and they get thin as a stick, how would they walk and stand?
I graduated with a liberal arts degree and can't find a job. Should I get an MBA?
Why shall the UN declare either Israel and Judaism or itself illegal?
What are the skills needed to learn virtual reality and what are the resources to learn virtual reality?
What are your favorite and least favorite Chinese foods, and why?
Should Indian cricketers stop playing in the IPL and instead play county cricket to improve their test cricket skills?
As an amateur or professional fighter (boxer, MMA athlete) would you choose to gain as much size and strength as your frame would allow while still retaining speed and endurance if you didn't have to concern yourself with achieving a specific body weight for competition?
I have a two month old cat and I feed it dry food.  Is this enough?
My business partner with whom I shared my new business idea says he will only work if he gets 51 percent of shares and I doubt he can start his own business. I feel so demotivated. What should I do now?
How much area is required for 10 MW of solar power and how much is it likely to cost?
How do I use spring cross-store to use both mysql and Mongodb in my application?
How can I prevent gut hooking Gulf fish with standard jigs and lures which don't feature circle hooks? I seem to always kill my catch this way.
In S06E08, why did Arya return to the House of Black and White after killing the Waif when she could have just left for home & avoided Jaqen?
How does the Communist Party of China select and groom a person to be the next paramount leader?
What is the logic behind scrapping of 500 and 1000 rupee notes by the Indian Government?
Meta-analysis: How do you know which data is generic and which is continuous (Please give examples)?
What are the strongest majors in terms of job prospects and what are the weakest majors at Lesley University?
[Spoiler] In Civil War, how is it possible that Captain America and the Winter Soldier defeated Iron Man in combat?
Why do some people copy and paste the question and details in answers?
What kind of virus does my PC have and how can I remove it?
Was the population exchange between Greece and Turkey beneficial for both countries?
Is it a good idea to buy FOREX (USD currency notes) worth 10,000 (USD) and sell it later in exchange for INR in India?
How would the relationship between Bruce Wayne and Rachel Dawes been had harvey died instead of Rachel?
What would the conversation between PK and Sheldon Cooper be like?
Who are some lesser known important historical figures of Tajikistan and what should people know about them?
Which are the Indian b schools that accept a GMAT score for an admission to their PGPM and EPGP programs? I have 5+ years of work experience.
ABC is a triangle with a right angle at  A.M and N are points on BC such that AM is the altitude, and AN is the  angle bisector of \u2220BAC. If CN/NB=21,what is CM/MB?
I have an iPhone 4S. How do I make it faster and more comfortable to use?
What are the environmental impacts of the tourism industry and how does it negatively impacted Macau?
Why is pewter so expensive, and how does its properties compare to those of titanium?
What can I do about a troll who is obsessively stalking me and finding out my full name, family members, ancestry, photos and college?
My male hamster is frozen and alive what do I do?
What happens if a war between India and Pakistan were to take place?
Where can I get men's branded shirt and t-shirts for reselling in India?
I'm a twenty-three-year old female and I've begun to sprout dark hair follicles from my breasts. Why?
What are the best co-working spaces and meeting room rental options in Kathmandu?
What are the most interesting products and innovations that Apollo Group is coming out with in 2016?
What is it like to be rich and famous, then lose it all?
How can I use Omegle on my iPod Touch and how is it compared to using FaceFlow?
How would you compare Victoria, Vancouver and Seattle to each other?
League of Legends: What are the strengths and weaknesses of Warwick?
Why would a woman who sometimes wants to be your friend, and at other times has wanted to be your lover, fail to show up on planned events?
What do you make of the character and the motivations of Lex Luthor Jr in Batman V Superman?
How can you explain the difference between democrats and republicans to a 10 year old?
What is a suitable inpatient drug and alcohol rehab center in Mills County IA?
Where can I buy a good and cheap 3D printer in India?
What are the strongest majors in terms of job prospects and what are the weakest majors at Ithaca College?
How do viruses affect your computer and what can be done to clean them?
How do I draw bending moment and shear force diagram for beams?
What are the main differences between WW2 and modern jet dogfights?
What is the scope of green building technology and low carbon building designs in India?
What was the hardest time in your life and how did you get through it?
How difficult is C# to learn and is it easier than JavaScript?
What is the future of WinSxS and why doesn't Visual Studio 2010 use it any more?
I am building a resume builder website using PHP and MySQL. I am just a little bit familiar with PHP and I need to make a login page. So what is the flow to create a log in page?
In what ways are the .hack and Sword Art Online universes different?
What are the responsibilities of Texas Rangers and how do they interact with other law enforcement agencies?
What is the difference between 'studying' and 'reading' for an academic qualification?
Where can I get sutures removed quickly and cheaply in San Francisco, preferably near SoMa?
What is going on between Kangana Ranaut and Hrithik Roshan these few days?
How did Sirius Black die in Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix movie?
What is the difference between China and other countries in sending gifts?
How do I teach the difference between molar mass and relative atomic/molecular mass?
What are the strongest majors in terms of job prospects and what are the weakest majors at IUPUI?
Why don't Google merged Allo and Duo to make one single app?
I am a first year electrical engineering student. What are some simple and useful projects that I can do to make an effective use of my holiday?
I sent letters with the last four numbers on the zip code incorrect. Would the post office fix it and send them? Do I have to wait until they get returned to fix it?
Who is buying craft supplies and where are they buying them?
Does touching a TV screen can affect the TV and can I clean the TV or does that affect it?
Can I use a same mobile number for two accounts (SBH and SBI) for mobile banking service?
What is a suitable inpatient drug and alcohol rehab center near Habersham County GA?
In a simple and more general language, what is a hidden variable and why quantum entanglement not influenced by this variable?
If it is discovered somewhere in the future that the ice caps in Greenland and Antarctica are growing, what can we do to insure a renewable future?
Where can I get quality services for large flooring repairs and installation services in Rydalmere?
What have you thought of bringing in peace in the world and eliminate inter-religion conflict?
What are the career options after electrical and electronics engineering from 3rd tier college?
As a PMP certified project manager how I can learn different tools and applications relevant to project management?
How do you not feel insecure when you're 5'7 and you're consistently surrounded by taller people?
I have two options to do my research, Virtual reality and Flexible display. Which is the best area to do research now?
I am an Indian commerce student studying in 12th. After my 12th, if I want to learn Android app developing and website making and online business, which career option should I choose: an MBA or some other degree course?
In Islam, the pig is considered as the most worthless animal and is Haram. Then what made Noah (Nooh A.S.) save this (filthy) animal during the Storm?
What are some important myths and stories about the goddess Artemis?
I have a female friend in college who asks me to buy her stuff and never pays her share when we go out. What should I do?
Why does Chrome on Android take too much time to load, and slows down an Android device after minimizing it?
How does sleeping all day and waking up all night affect you?
I took 800 mg of Guaifenesin pills and 200 mg of amitriptyline and I was really tired and and can barely remember my day. what happened to me?
What are the best tools and equipments that you can use in the kitchen?
Would you prefer to be poor and unhappy or rich but miserable?
What is difference between \"come in\" and \"come on in\"?which is the correct usage?
What is it like to be an atheist and criticize religion in India?
In Google Analytics - Custom report set with the metric \"page/sessions\" and the dimension drilldowns \"page\", what exactly does it measure?
Are the new Samsung Galaxy J7 and J5 worth their price?
What's the quickest and least painful way to end your life?
If I make a habit of running 2 km every day and eat in moderation, how will my body look?
A man has 53 socks in his drawer. They are 21 identical blue, 15 identical black and 17 identical red. The light went off and he is in complete darkness. How many socks must he take out to be 100 percent certain that he has a pair of black socks?
Why do God has created this world and why there Is a drama of karma?
What are the lyrics for the slokas and songs in the Star Plus version of the Mahabharat?
I saw two airlines operating from the same airport at the same time and for same destination. How is this possible?
To Men: Do men still hand out their number and ask you to call them? Old school chivalry or obvious player?
What is unusual or different about the food and cuisine in Uzbekistan?
I am looking to employ coaches to help me define & achieve my vision, personally and professionally. How would you go about getting the right coaches?
My girlfriend got in an arranged marriage a few months ago. She still loves me and talks to me. We had planned a meet up as well. But suddenly she changed her mind and said to forget about the meet up. She told me to only leave her few texts a day and a call once a week. What does this mean?
How do I get NEET Haryana state rank and apply for 85 percent seat quota seat counselling?
In the eventuality of war between Russia and the USA, what shall be the outcome? Who shall be victorious?
Demonetization of Rs.500 & Rs.1,000 notes can bring Black and Fake money into the system but are they going to stop further generation of Black money?
How do I buy goods from Amazon and ship to Vietnam?
My crush keeps me between heaven and hell. What should I do?
I know many people in power are sex addicts and relationship junkies. What is the reason for this predicament and madness, and how should you ensure your safety from them?
What is the purpose of Determinants and Matrices in real life?
What is the difference between memory and register and how are storage classes useful in C?
I've logged into Instagram on my other phone and they changed my password but my fb,email and phone are on another accounts so I made these infos up.?
How should I prepare for IIT JEE 2017 and which book are good for preparations?
What are the lyrics to Moves Like Jagger and what is the meaning behind the lyrics?
Why do doctors write prescriptions in an illegible manner and write medical certificates clearly?
Why are companies like Carrier and Ford responding to Trump's tweets?
How much does it cost to own a gas station in Canada and how much do you make per year if you employ people to run it for you?
I can't recover my audio files from Google Drive.I lost my old device and had to delete my Google account. How can I recover my account?
Why does my skin get red and blotchy in the winter, and what can be done to treat it?
Instagram made me change my password, but I'm not logged into my Facebook and I don't know my email for the account. What should I do?
Why do we want coldness in summer and hotness in winter?
How do I improve my English writing and get a band score of 8/9 in IELTS?
I am going to complete my final year of a BTech EIE this month. I am planning to do my MS in spring 2016 (US). I will be giving the TOEFL and the GRE in June. Is it too late or am I eligible to apply for the MSEE in spring?
What are the simplest and best questions for a salesman to get know and collect valuable information about clients as soon as he starts to approach them?
What is the difference between compost and Farm Yard Manure (FYM)?
What is the method for laptop to download bookmarked and upvoted answers from Quora?
Why is everyone on Quora so obsessed with WWII, guns and bad things people do? It's all that comes up on my feed.
What is it like to live and work at Yakutsk, Russia?
What is the location of Palawan, and how does this Island compare to Efate?
What is the intuition behind the Cost and Gamma parameters in SVM?
If there are two officers in the Indian Armed Forces, one selected through the NDA and the other through CDSE, which one of them will have better qualities and abilities?
What are some good and bad aspects of working in the tax and income department?
What are the modules in Salesforce? Apart from developer and admin, are there any sales/service/marketing consultant roles similar to other CRM vendors?
What are the most efficient and effective techniques to prepare for the SAT test?
How can I catch up with all the new music and songs that are coming out?
Which song was Moose listening when he was at his workplace and his boss walked towards him in the movie Step Up All In?
I'm currently in the 4th year of computer science and I don't like sitting all day coding, that's why I can't do an MSc. I like working with different people, but I don't have any experience and that's why I can't do an MBA. Should I opt for a 1 year PG diploma or something else?
Where can I get help on MATLAB and network with MATLAB experts?
If mass cannot be created nor destroyed, why and how is the Universe expanding?
India: Do Muslims believe in/follow Swami Vivekananda, Ramakrishna and Sarada Devi? How has it changed their lives?
I just love Israel and Jews for their patriotism. Can someone from Israel tell me how is life there and what do people there think of Hinduism?
Is a graduate degree in developmental and child psychology worth it? Why?
Why does my nose suddenly get clogged and what can I do about it?
What would be better for me (my academic score Secondary-72 percent and H.S 66 percent) so should I pursue C.A or go for M.B.A?
Where can I buy Nootropics in India, and is that a legal drug?
How does a Quantum satellite work and what would be some of its primary uses?
What steps must be taken to end racism in the U.S., and how many generations will it likely take?
What are the most interesting products and innovations that Quantum is coming out with in 2016?
Palliative care services in India. What barriers would we face in teaching and providing care? What will be most culturally acceptable?
Which country holds the best career opportunities and life quality: Canada or Australia?
How do I score 305 and above in GRE within 15 days?
What are the similarities and differences between the Aztec and Inca empires?
Why do Indians enjoy watching stupid Bollywood movies and listen ridiculous songs of Honey Singh?
Which is a good inpatient drug and alcohol rehab center in Montgomery County KY?
While visiting China from North America, where and how would I buy a Xiaomi Qicycle?
If I went back in time and killed myself, what would happen?
When you ask a guy out but he says that he doesn't want to hurt you and he's not ready for a relationship right now, does it mean more?
Have you ever felt like you met your future self and they actually warned you about something?
How do I prevent iMovie for iPad from cropping the top and bottom off my video that was originally taken in portrait orientation?
What was the most important decision of your life and how would your life look if you chose differently?
Which is a good inpatient drug and alcohol rehab center near Benewah County ID?
I am very much depressed in my life and need someone to talk to and get some advice on my life anonymously. Is there a way I can do that?
Who were the writers on Breaking Bad and what are they working on now?
How is the working environment and career growth at Compro Technologies? What are the pros and cons of working here?
How come Thomas Jefferson said that all men have the right of life, liberty, and the pursuit of happiness if he had slaves?
Can money really buy happiness? If yes, then how and if not, then what can bring happiness?
What is the top E-commerce platform and E-commerce app developer in India?
I want to lose 70 lbs and gain abs (no time limit). How do I do this, and where the hell do I start? Can you recommend any program whatsoever?
In a computer instruction format, the instruction length is 16 bits and the size of an address field is 4 bits. Is it possible to have: 15 3-address instructions, 256 2-address instructions, and 32 0-address instructions using the format?
What are the most interesting products and innovations that Consolidated Communications is coming out with in 2016?
How much is the British royal art collection and Crown jewels worth today?
I am a 23 year old and my monthly earning is 16k per month. From which I spend 6300 on my rent and travel per month. How should I save my money?
When my ex boyfriend broke up with me I broke down in tears and he told me I was amazing and that he will be there for me always, what does this mean?
Is this depression? I am feeling unhappy and nostalgic. I want to cry but I can't. I feel helpless. What should I do?
Can I use \"Inc.\" in my business name and domain name without being incorporated?
How do I use GitHub and whats the use of it?
How do I get rid of my butt pimples and the scars caused by them?
I am a 12th class PCB student and want to complete my studies abroad?
What are the ill effects of demonetization of 500 and 1000 rupee notes in India?
Is it worth to spend money in buying something online during the big billion day and other sales offered by Flipkart, Amazon, Snapdeal etc?
How old is Frank Medrano? How tall is he and how much does he weigh?
How would you describe a Leo moon, Virgo sun and Scorpio ascendant woman?
If a girl gets angry, why does she always scare her boyfriend about breaking up and getting rid of their relationship? Why are all girls like this?
When does the next season of Better Call Saul come out, and how many episodes will it have?
Why do venture capitalists believe service businesses with low margins and small market sizes like home cleaning can be multi billion dollar scalable technology investments?
Why do people like their own photos and statuses on Facebook?
What are the most interesting products and innovations that Matrix Service is coming out with in 2016?
What are the top VLSI and chip design companies to intern with?
Do Muslim women have to wear a jilbab? Is it possible to wear wide pants, and a long-sleeved thick shirt with a hijab?
How do I attend various camps in NCC Naval wing and list of camps with months when they occur?
I know a business that haven't trademarked the name. Can I buy a domain on that name and later resell it to them? Will I face any legal issues?
Can I use Sketch 3 to design a UI and a UX for app development?
My sister really dislikes me. She ignores my texts and invitations and doesn't talk to me. She doesn't care. Should I stop trying to bond with her?
Is warm water withe lemon and honey harmful for acidic body?
What are 3 reasons that prove Romeo and Juliet are responsible for their own death?
Which is better for working in AI / machine learning, a joint degree in mathematics and philosophy or a degree in computer science?
How should I study Business Studies and Economics in 2 months for Board Exams to score good marks?
I have been given an adverse report regarding my present address during the police verification. I now need to take the affidavit and change the address. Now, after having changed the present address, will there be any other police verification for the permanent address also?
How many scientific studies support a climate sensitivity of below 3\u00b0C and how many support a sensitivity of above 3\u00b0C?
In a quadratic equation ax^2+bx+c=0 a,b and c are in A.P.If p and q are integral roots of this equation p is not equal to q.Find p+q+p*q?
What's the link between falling oil prices and the declining stock market?
What are some techniques, social tricks, hacks and psychology tricks useful to know?
What is the difference between appearance, shape and texture in computer vision?
What are the differences between compounds and mixtures? What are their similarities?
Can I live solely on body fat, water and vitamin/mineral pills?
How much difference it will make in professional world and during job interviews if I have b-tech degree of 5 years just because of backlogs?
How true are the stories about Dr. Yeshi Dhonden and Tibetan medical tradition, especially regarding their treatment of ailments like cancer and AIDS?
Could we create an indestructible and inmortal brain with bioengineering and similar sciences?
How do you pronounce \"C'est la vie\" and what does it mean in English?
If I had to choose between killing my father and killing my wife and son, I would choose killing my wife and son. Is this normal?
What is the daily routine and work for a quality engineer in india?
My boyfriend told me that he likes another girl and got mad at me when I got upset over it. Do I have a right to be upset or am I overreacting?
How much power do the US have on Japan and Taiwan to contain China?
How genuine were the business leaders and celebrities in their criticism of Trump prior to his election victory?
My GRE score is 290, but I have good academic scores and IELTS scores. I want to pursue my master's in Germany. Does my low GRE score affect my admission?
Why do normal cells have a limited lifespan and how could that change in order for them to have a longer lifespan?
Who would Hillary Clinton and Donald Trump choose as their running mates?
What herbivore(s) would make the best carnivore(s) if nothing but its eating habits and digestion changed to suit a carnivorous diet?
What is the difference between a wet gas and a condensate gas reservoirs?
What's the best studying tips and tricks for the night before the exam?
What 3d printed materials (up to nylon) could be used to make a freezer pack and be safe to freeze without cracking or breaking?
What are the strongest majors in terms of job prospects and what are the weakest majors at Edison State College?
What is the difference between a scanned copy and a digitally clicked photo of a document?
What is Indiana University Informatics program like, and what other programs is it best known for?
Some days I feel depressed, and I've been feeling like this on and off for years now. No matter how much I try, I can't get myself to cheer up. After a day or two, I feel normal again and am able to be happy. Is this depression? Should I see my doctor about this?
Does it make sense to study Mathematics at undergraduate level, then MIS in graduate school, and then a second Master\u2019s or PhD in economics?
What hardships/problems would a Bengali girl born and brought up in Bengal find if married to a Delhi based Punjabi household?
Why do so many people ask \"How do I get rich?\" Shouldn't they ask for knowledge and insight on how to make money, instead of \"get rich, quick?\"
Can I be on annual leaves in one organization and start working in an other one? As my 10 annual leaves are still there, and I am switching my job.
Effect of conjunction of jupiter, sun and venus in libra ascendent in 9th house?
Which book of physics is good for the theory and concept in the mechanism for the IIT JEE preparation?
What were the major contributions of the political leaders during WW1, and how are the compared to the ones during First Sino-Japanese War?
What are the major stereotypes people have about Bhutan and to what extent are they true?
If I want to invest on stocks ex:10000 how much will I get and wer shuld I invest any guidance?
I have a 230 score in the JEE Main paper 2, and 65 percent in the CBSE board exam. Can I get admitted to the NIT under st category?
Is it wise to apply to a nice college you know that you and your parents can't afford, but would be a great school for study?
What are the ways Tinder is making money right now and how much are they making every year per user?
How can somebody get to meet Stephen Hawking and what it is like to meet him?
Should we remove caste based reservation system from India and establish economic position based reservation?
What are the strongest majors in terms of job prospects and what are the weakest majors at Truman State?
What happens if you poke someone on Facebook by accident and then block them, then unblock them a year later, will they receive the poke after such a long time?
What is a good inpatient drug and alcohol rehab center near Henry County GA?
What is the purpose behind the 22nd amendment of the American Constitution, and how does it differ from the 7th amendment?
What is the difference between Sub Standard Assets, Doubtful Assets and Loss Assets in Non-Performing Assets (NPA) of Indian Banks?
How safe is the campus at Texas Woman's University and should anything be done to make it safer?
What are some tips for booking and planning the Trans-Siberian Railway trip?
I have clear discharge and im a 13 years old boy in puberty and have hit voice and armpit hair stages what should I do?
Business - India: My business partner cheated and absconded but I am being charged for cheating by debtors. What can I do?
What is the meaning of \"Fogg chal raha hai\" advertisement and why was such a campaign created?
When is this Monday and next Monday?  Are they the same?
How does Instagram choose a user and make them a suggested user?
How much salary does a 5 year experienced and a 10 years experienced employee respectively at TCS get?
How did the Chinese army defeat the US tanks and helicopters during the Korean War?
It has been very difficult breaking up with my first boyfriend and I feel like I have lost my best friend. How do I improve my life now that I have broken up with my boyfriend of 4 years?
I have lost my hall ticket of PGCET 2016 and I am unable to get it anywhere online where can I download it back?
I tried to download The Night Manager E03 from TopTVshows.com twice and each time the downloading failed.Why\uff1f?
How can you register a physical asset on the blockchain and once it is registered, find it on the blockchain?
I feel like no one values me, and I'm so alone. What should I do?
Why is Dan Holliday gay, why is he such a loser and should he be exterminated?
As MSD is mentoring the Jharkhand team, and me being his die-hard fan, what are my chances of meeting him tomorrow and having his autograph?
How long does it take to design and develop one hour of live-virtual training (vILT)?
How do you round a PHP to the nearest tenth and what is the formula needed to do so?
How will the ban on 500 and 1000 rupee notes effect land/house rates?
Have you ever been in jail, and if so, what was your crime?
What towns are located near the Kilauea, and how does this volcano's activity compare to the volcanoes in Chile?
When making a song, will it sound good if you mix minor and major positions or should you only use one of the two over and over again?
What are uses of tummy twisters and types exercise you can do with it?
How do I activate the unlimited data and voice call offer on Jio sim in a Reliance LYF mobile?
I earn a salary of 20 lacs. For a guy with 10 years of experience in IT (database and BI) from Pune, is this salary good enough in India?
What is the difference between indexed arrays and the associative arrays?
I have around 17 years of experience in the field of ERP and Software Sales. How can I switch my career to other fields. Is this possible?
What are the reviews of business intelligence and analytics course of Stevens Institute of Technology?
What are some remedies for getting rid of and preventing blackheads?
What is digital distribution and what are some examples of digital distribution?
If a computer security employee hacks their office computer system and the boss catches him, should he be appreciated or punished? What are some of the reasons?
In a line of row homes is the house next to it support, and how much load gos to or on it?
Is there any relation between the emergency number 911 and 9/11 attacks or is it a coincidence?
Which is a good inpatient drug and alcohol rehab center near Lamar County GA?
I lost my ATM card. If I blocked the card and wanted to get a new one, how many days would it take for me to get it?
I'm experiencing a great hair fall and I'm only 19. Can someone help out and how I treat it?
How much money do I need to start trading and how old do I need to be to start?
If the temperature outside today is zero degrees and tomorrow will be twice as cold as it was today, how cold will it be tomorrow?
I am an eighteen year old Indian male with a height of 5'6 and a weight of 54 kg. Am I too short? What are some tips to increase my height?
What are the similarities and differences between an eukaryotic and a prokaryotic cell?
What happened in the London Riots and what lead to the riots?
I am in class 12 studying science. I am not that good at science and it is stressing me out, so I want to switch to commerce after 12th. What courses can I take to graduate?
If you no longer love your girlfriend or boyfriend, but he or she still loves you, and you don't want the person out of your life, is there any option besides just breaking up and leaving that's not horribly painful for both of you?
What are the roles of men and women in when rain clouds gather?
Which is a good inpatient drug and alcohol rehab center near Madison County IN?
How would I know if lets say New York was nuked yesterday and I live in Canada? Will the skies all over NA be red?
I will sit for UPSC in 2017 ,I am a physics graduate and want to take psychology as optional, what are the merits and demerits of it?
What vocal range is e2-e6, and is it good? I'm a girl.
Are you prepared for civil war when you try and infringe on the peoples rights?
How can I restore my old Twitter account, if I forgot my password and my unverified email address but I know my username?
A co-worker in India calls me uncle. I'm in the US and 30 years older than him. Should I be offended?
Why do people believe that things like genderfluid and nonbinary exist? Why can't they just accept their assigned sex and dress/act how they want?
I have failed to clear the Dovetail exam in Cognizant after taking up all three attempts and am most certainly looking at a layoff. How should I cope with it?
How does a compass work in smart phones? What sensors are used and how do they show the correct directions?
Why do so many Northern European bands (e.g. Of Monsters and Men) make it in the American pop music scene? How do they market themselves so successfully in the US?
Why is statistics not regarded as a branch of mathematics, and also not regarded as a subset of probability?
How do I change a kid or a spouse if they lie and hide things from you, to be truthful and open up?
The sum of three numbers is 47. One number is three more than the smallest number, and one number is twice the smallest number. What are the numbers?
Where can I buy very incredible and most amazing cupcakes in Gold Coast?
What are the costs of setting up and running an Iyengar/similar bakery in Bangalore?
How do we train our mind to think rationally and calmly even in life threatening situations?
As a fully grown bear is so big and heavy, how is it able to outrun a human?
Do women get more and an easier attention, response and appreciation than men on social media?
What is the academic pressure and workload at Williams College like?
Is it worth to pay a traffic fine if a driver is unable to drive and will not have plans to renew their driver's license in the future?
Online Media: What are some possible exits for PandoDaily and why would the acquirer purchase them?
Baking: What difference does adding salt make to the flour of bread and what does it do as a flavor enhancer?
What are examples of spatial problems and how do we use GIS to solve them?
Atmospheric Science: Why do the poles have higher air pressure and dense air, but equator lower air pressure and thin air?
What are expansionary and contractionary fiscal policies and what situations are they used?
As a director of 400 bed hospitals, what are the plans, timetable, sources, and methods do I need to develop the organisation?
Can I make a YouTube channel and react to other YouTube videos?
If Einstein's theory of general relativity says that gravity is the result of curved spacetime and that matter, such as a planet, has no force whatsoever that pulls other matter towards it, how are we able to walk on the Earth without falling off? Is there a force pushing on us?
What are differences between polyester fleece and cotton fleece with regard to comfort and feel?
I bought a car on commercial permit. Its been a year now and I want to convert into private car .Is there any way of removing yellow number plate?
What all books did Akand Sitra study from, for UPSC prelims and mains?As,I plan to prepare by myself and not go for coaching.
If I delete rice, milk, and sugar from my diet, can I lose weight?
What is the best way to keep hair shiny and frizz free for a long time?
As a CS student with an exchange opportunity in the US and Europe, what course in what university should I absolutely try to take?
Why would he tell me he loves me, that I make him happy and two hours later break up with me?
What's the scope of digital marketing in India and from where can I learn digital marketing in Pune?
What are locked questions on Quora and why does it happen?
I'm 15.5 years old and my height is 5'9.5 . Is it good?
What do you mean by phase difference and phase shift in an AC motor?
What are some good books to read and videos to watch, for budding entrepreneurs ?
What are Johnny Carson's sons, Christopher (Kit) and Cory Carson, doing today?
I am in love with my classmate, I am gay and he's straight, what should I do?
Why are Open Graph story links not useragent sensitive and redirect to mobile web page, rather than the native app (or respective app store)?
Why are Japanese vaginas so beautiful and Indian vaginas so ugly?
What would happen if I went back in time and killed hitler as a baby?
I have cleared for both that is NDA and TES SSB this year, which one I should for training?
In reality can a footing be designed by assuming pin connection between column and it's footing? How can pin connection be ensured during construction?
What is the difference between boiled rice and raw rice? Which is healthier?
I have a desktop connected to a WiFi router through cable and a laptop connected over WiFi to the same router. How can I transfer data between them?
If a girl don't like jewels and luxury, what do you think about that girl?
Trump claims the Republican National Security officials that denounced him are elitists and establishment that started the Iraq war. Is that true?
If a Bollywood movie were made on the life and career of M.S. Dhoni, what would be its opening scene?
Can I make a million dollars selling baby products, furniture and home decor? Be extremely honest?
What is the best book on building and managing a great technical support team?
What are the strongest majors in terms of job prospects and what are the weakest majors at Florida A&M?
Which of these Bollywood actresses will succeed in Hollywood and why: Deepika Padukone (XXX: Return of Xander Cage) or Priyanka Chopra (Baywatch)?
Do emergency service vehicles and drivers in your region ignore traffic signs and traffic lights?
I'm an business admin with econ undergraduate. I'm passionate about the environment, renewables and human rights. What job would I be well suited to?
Why do people preach being politically correct and yet vilify anyone who uses there freedom of speech to say something negative?
Why do only Asian/African countries fight each other and European or American do not?
I am looking to practice my new PHP and mySQL skills. I am unable to develop apps by myself yet, and I want a project that I can work set by step through?
How do I extract only right hand side and left hand side values of \"=\" operator from a line in text file?
How do social networking sites and now applications like WhatsApp earn their revenue?
What does this dream mean? I met my ex boyfriend and he told me he did wrong, apologized and asked me to get back together with him. He did all of the sweet things he used to do back then.
If the Germans stopped expanding and remained defensive after annexing France, would Britain and the USSR still wage war against Germany? Or would a peace treaty be signed?
What was the significance of the battle of Somme, and how did this battle compare and contrast to the Battle of Krushevo?
Do the gay concepts of \"top\" and \"bottom\" roughly line up with traditional male and female roles in a relationship?
How is ntellectual Property Law in China basic policy and new developments? How was it implemented?
What are some examples of abiotic factors and biotic factors that can be found in grassland habitats?
How can I clone my SSD with a dual boot of Ubuntu and Windows 10 to a bigger SSD and allocate the new space to the partitions correctly?
What is a suitable inpatient drug and alcohol rehab center near Wilkes County GA?
How do you use turnkey and outsourcing to build a startup?
Will the commencement of Apple maps research centre in Hyderabad and Bangalore improve stock maps navigation?
How do I differ between 0 and O in Indian passport?
Do pilots get to sleep on flights, and where do they sleep?
I want to learn English and in what way or step that are?
Which is a suitable inpatient drug and alcohol rehab center in Clarke County AL?
What will happen if I abscond from a company after 8 months and I didn't undergone any NSR registration And I am fresher to software industry?
How is Bolivia's geographical location unique in the region, and how does its geography compare to Mexico's?
So how does banning 500, 1000 rs and introducing 2000 rs will curb corruption?
What is the difference between a navy officer and a navy sailor in the Indian navy?
Is an increasing abdominal girth and bust size dangerous? How does one reduce it at 50?
What are the best technology devices and gadgets for your car?
I want to why the pension component will not be transferred while PF transfer and that component is excluded during PF transfer? When will I get that?
Have you held a job that requires no special skills but has a great salary and you feel it's \"dumbing\" you down in life? If so, what did you do?
My rank in NDA(1) merit is 444. I m fit for army and navy. My order of preference is Air Force, Army, Navy and NA.Can I make it to NDA?
What exactly is the MCR number for doctors in Singapore and is there a public directory for it?
How do Bangalore bus routes compare to Bhubaneswar's, and what authority oversees them?
How would you go about identifying and approaching wealthy women to get support for a women's charity?
Is it true that if first three fingers are positioned perpendicularly to one another and use to touch a live wire electric shock will not occur?
What is the major difference between a scripting language like PHP and a programming language like Python?
If I have the option between having my son serve national service as a Singapore PR and avoiding it altogether. Which would you pick? Why?
What do you think are the advantages and disadvantages of traveling on the ocean?
Why did God have to kill innocent slaves and children because he wanted to test Job in the Bible?
Is a student born in that state and not residing there eleguible for domicile?
How do the Lexus, Acura, and Infiniti compare to each other? Which is best?
When did the original Dumbledore actor die, and what is the name of the actor who replaced him?
Are the Mahayana Buddhist sutras originally from the Buddha and if so why are they written in a different style than Theravada Sutras?
I think too much that how girls think about me I don't wanna hurt any girl and I don't like it when a girl thinks tht I love her but I don't love her?
I got my Bajaj Avenger 220 dts-i bike rebored. Tell me the Do's and Don'ts and how to maintain the bike hereafter?
If my landlord walks into my apartment - and has knocked - but I have not answered the door, is that legal?
Why do people ignore all the problems socialism and communism have brought and still want to try implementing them?
Sometimes I think I'm worthless and dont feel good. What should I do to regain my confidence and motivation?
What are the dimentions of LG 10 kg washing machine tub and Samsung 11kg washing machine tub?
Let x assumes the value 0,1,2 and 3 with respective probabilities 0.51, 0.38, 0.10 and 0.01 the mean of distribution is?
How can it be concluded that path line, stream line and streak line coincide with each other in a steady flow?
My friend has been selected for 2 companies mindtree and TCS. Which one should he prefer?
What are some good rap songs that are neither violent, glorify drug use/dealing, objectify women, and have very few or no cuss words (especially god-damn)?
Arguments and Argumentation: Why do people like to compare and argue on who is better over two great people? Example Lara /Tendulkar
What steps must a person as an administrator and as a citizen take to tackle corruption in India?
What is Quora's policy for whistleblowers? If the whistleblower is really fighting against a corrupt and oppresive government, Will Quora still reveal his identity and and send him to his doom?
What would it take, to design and build a website like Amazon?
Toefl scores valid at the time of application and got an admit. Do I need to retake it for Visa, as it will expire by then?
Are there any subtle differences between a columbian and a Brazilian based on physical appearance? If so, what are they?
Why is there no \"I\" and \"O\" row in the theaters?
Can we use range minimum query for online data stream, new data being actively added and the query at each time t is random (not a fix sliding window?
What is a good inpatient drug and alcohol rehab center in Clinton County IL?
I want to take Creatine supplement for increasing my efforts in gym.I am 21 and lean.What precautions should I take during supplementation?
What is a consecutive calendar day and how is it related with the Pyu calendar?
Who is covered by Canada's anti-discrimination law regarding transgender people and the use of their preferred names, pronouns etc.?
What are some unusual aspects about politics and government in Philippines?
How can I just concentrate on my studies and How can I remember what I study?
Why is my knee muscle twitching and how can I treat it?
As an aspiring writer, how can I become better, and what differentiates a good writer from a mediocre one?
If I deactivate my snapchat account and then reactivate it will I lose my streaks?
I need a free hashtag tool to know the percentage of RTs, original tweets and replies for a specific hashtag. Does anyone know that tool?
How does presynaptic \u03b12- receptors and prostaglandins E series control of sympathetic nervous activity?
If a war broke out between the wizards of Harry Potter universe and United States military, who would win?
Would it look bad on a transcript if you pulled out of school and were homeschooled for your senior year?
Do these types of tournaments like ISL and IPL really improve the level of sports in India?
Should I do weight training for 3 days and go running for 2 days in a week?
If we decide to get married without a wedding, when I get old and face death, will I regret it or blame him?
Which is a good inpatient drug and alcohol rehab center near San Miguel County CO?
How do you decide between computer science and computer engineering as a major?
Is computer science subject important in class 11 and 12 for preparing for JEE?
Human Body: After age of 50 human penis gets smaller in length and girth. Is it myth or fact? If fact, what's reason?
What can be the possible effects of removing 500 and 1000 rupee currency notes?
What are the advantages and disadvantages of being a blue ink pen user and black ink pen user?
Why is an ammeter always connected in series and a voltmeter always in parallel in a circuit?
Is there any similarity between a high level programming language (e.g. Python, Java) and a natural language (e.g. French)? I heard that \"Reading well-written Python programs is just like reading articles\".
Why does the iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus only have 1GB RAM?
Am How to hack and get the password of a wifi?
How are careers in linguistics changing and what's necessary to stay current?
I'm 23 and have no income. I'm homeless and no one seems to be hiring. What can I do?
Are there any other spirochetes other than syphilis and lyme disease that can cause chronic systemic infection in humans?
Is it possible/common to code trading algorithms and machine learning in MATLAB? If so, what are some good resources?
What are the social perceptions Americans have about their health and social care? What could they improve?
What would happen if Russia and China went to war with each other?
What is the difference between a mayor and a governor in context to Indian Polity?
What is the chemical formula for sodium and oxygen? What are its applications?
How is HBTI Kanpur for a B.Tech in CSE? How are the placements? Coding culture and crowd over there? Is it comparable to NIT's?
I am travelling for first time in domestic and International flight. Which luggage bag should I buy.?
How can I get MOOC/E-learning through online Web and Video courses related to MD developed by Indian professorial/professors?
Recently (5 April 2015) Narendra Modi in his speech on judiciary said that there is a need to increase the level of law education in India, and when we hear about law education the first thing which comes into mind are the coveted NLUs. But do you people think that investing in NLUs is worth it?
What are some online unpaid or paid internships for electronics and telecommunication undergrad engineers in India?
How do you find the number of left and right subtrees of a binary tree?
What is golden rice, and what are the pros and cons?
I'm not happy with quora? My question always needs editing and never gets posts. What's the point of this site if I don't get anything out of it?
What is your take on prohibition of 1000 and 500 rupees note? Is it going to boost our economy and give us the country we wish for?
How do I earn money as I did only b.com and my dad has no business?
If you had a gun with one bullet and could go back in time for 10 seconds, when, where and who (or what) would you use it on?
What is the difference between 'Ha' and 'Wa' when you write in Japanese?
I sent a message on messenger, and it says \"sent\" it wont deliver. They've been online and it still says \"sent\" Does this mean they didnt get the message?
If a chemical rocket had starting mass equal to Earth and final mass one billion tons, what would be its final velocity?
What were some of the bad things the CIA and the FBI did in the past?
Is it difficult for teachers to be both popular and effective when helping students learn?
I have completed my bachelor of engineering in the field of information technology and I want to do software testing. I have heard that software testing is mostly not done by engineers. What should I do?
How did urban planners deal with the issue of horse manure and traffic jams in 19th century Europe?
If someone put a gun to your head and asked you to change your religion, then what would you do?
What is the crime rate in the Borough of Ealing and how does it compare to Camden?
What are the different applications and uses of propylene glycol and polyethylene glycol?
I am looking for someone who knows about servers. I am creating a video hosting website and need to provide projection costs. How can I find this out?
Can you eat same thing every day and get all the nutrition you need?
What is a suitable inpatient drug and alcohol rehab center near Jackson County AL?
How does a 9th grader start preparing for NSEP, RMO and NSE in Astronomy? Is it only by self study or should they seek expert's help and guidance?
What is the current state of Spain's government and do Spaniards feel it needs to be improved or left alone?
I smoked approximately 1 gram of cannabis a day for a year and stopped 5 days ago. Am I classed as a heavy smoker?
What's the best book to learn each and every trick/concept of CSS?
What is a suitable inpatient drug and alcohol rehab center near Macon County AL?
I have an Iball slIde I701 tab, the dIsplay Is very reflectIve and a straIn to the eyes even If used for 15 mInutes, I reduced the brightness to minimum, but doesnt help, what to do?
Why are crocodiles and alligators unable to interbreed and produce offspring?
Why is the Western style democracy to cover their bloody, robbing histories and atrocities committed to other countries in the past and present days?
Why south Africa is far better, well developed, clean and beautiful as compared to other African countries?
Do narcissists ever regret discarding a source of supply and not being able to get them back? If so how did they deal with it?
My best friend had a lingerie photoshoot and showed the photographs to her dad, is this wrong?
If I run \"reg query the-key-name /s\" in the cmd console it gives me the keys and subkeys back, but if I run it as a batch file not, how to fix?
What are the best contemporary romance novels and what makes them the best?
Is it safe to give your dog aspirin and under what circumstances should you do so?
What happens if I lift weights and don't drink protein shake?
How can I fix my H1Z1? It takes me 2 mins to load into the game and I don\u2019t even spawn into the pre-lobby. I\u2019m just on the loading screen the whole time.
Why are you supposed to soak almonds in water and peel the skins off before eating them?
I am frm EEE & had knowledge about C Lang. intrest in app develpment and web desgn\u2026how should I start (core java or advanced java) is bth necessary?
I want to create an app for iOS and Android, do you recommend to use Rubymotion for that?
How are the job opportunities and career options in environmental science field?
What is the least free society that doesn't allow people to discuss the health of the society, doesn't allow people to try to change society by prescribing it medicine, and that, most importantly, doesn't allow people to challenge the social position that they are in?
What are some mind blowing inventions and technology things that most people don't know ?
What is a good inpatient drug and alcohol rehab center in Gulf County FL?
How do I show that the points (5,4), (-5,8), (-7,3) and (3,-1) are the vertices of a rectangle?
How did your country get its name and Who named your country?
When taking into account, \u201cThe Flash\u201d and all of his \u201clegendarium\u201d could one say: \u201cthe Speed Force is God\u201d?
What are the four main parts of the brain and how do they function?
What is the meaning of the song 'Illusion and Dream' by the band Poets of the Fall?
How many MBBS graduates does India produce every year and how many of them actually pursue their profession as a doctor in the hospital?
How can I stop eating junk and processed food addiction and stay healthy?
Why does the USA spend so much on military, space exploration and foreign aid when a lot of US citizens are living in various problems?
Why do similar charges repel each other and opposite charges attract each other?
How can you find out the exact date and time when someone posted a comment on Instagram?
How do I take away the pain of being single and still motivate myself to pursue things? I don't see the point in chasing goals and achieving peaks.
What are the good documentaries on business and economic history that are available on Youtube?
I'm getting 168 marks in JEE Mains and 88.4 in CBSE. What will be my expected rank?
A teenaged cousin brother, who is sharp and intelligent, but lazy and too callous has spoiled his education, how can I get him back on right track?
I am very interested in electronics and I want to become an entrepreneur and I want to learn electronics deeply from my heart?
I am in first year of mechanical engineering should I quit it, now I hate study and want to become entrepreneur (but I have no big Idea)?
Can a company take a loan from its promoter under the Companies Act, 2013 and not be covered by the Companies (Acceptance of Deposits) Rules, 2014?
Is it possible to collect and store a quantity of pure electrons?
I have to write about human nature in my English class and I argue that humans are bad naturally. What sources can I use for this essay?
What are the most interesting products and innovations that Agile Therapeutics is coming out with in 2016?
What are the reason do Tamilians hate other languages and show disrespect towards them?
What is the process of casting and directing child actors in powerful films?
What is different between custom installation and express installation in nvidia?
Google now is showing commute cards to my home. In that address is shown in Hindi English and Telugu. Y is it displaying in Telugu although I'm in Bangalore, Karnataka? Shouldn't it be in Kannada!?
What is the app people use to insert Minnie Mouse and Mickey Mouse faces over theirs in pictures?
Is it possible that you dream about a person repeatedly and that person dreams about you, even if you don't know each other and have only seen each other in real life?
Is it normal to masturbate by lying on my stomach and rubbing my penis against a pillow?
Should I buy earphones or headphones for watching movies and listening to music for a long period of time?
How can I get out of my comfort zone and be myself at the same time?
I'm an international Master's student studying mechanical engineering at Arizona State University. What courses should I take and what must my GPA be so that I have a shot at being recruited by companies like Shell, Slumberger, etc.?
What would happen to SpaceX and Tesla if Elon Musk dies today?
What is the difference between leafs and leaves? When is it correct to use each one?
What is the difference between computer science, computer science and engineering, information technology, and computer engineering?
How can I overcome my stutter and speak fluently and confidently in public settings?
I wanted to study set theory. Are set theory and mathematical logic pure mathematics or applied mathematics?
I'm 24, I feel like I'm getting dumber. it's like I'm having only half a brain and I can't focus. What's happening with me?
I am a science student, but I want to take commerce in class 11 and I know nothing about the subject. Will it be tough for me to manage?
I took 10mg Prozac for 1 week and didn't feel much. Yesterday I took 20mg and felt amazing. Why don't I feel amazing on day two of 20?
How developed are Andaman and Nicobar and lakshadweep island compared to rest of India?
I am selected in TCS ITIS profile. Is there any growth in this profile and what work is done in this profile? I didn't want to work on service desk, could I change my profile to IT?
What are CMDB goals, benefits and effects in relation to key stakeholders?
What are differences between Node.js and PHP according to performance in server side?
What goes through the narcissists head during idealization and re-idealization? Is it deliberate or does he really like you during that phases?
How did Dushka Zapata decide to write a book and use her answers on Quora for it?
What does the central nervous system consist of, and what are some common diseases that affect it? How do you treat them?
I'm 26 years old and I just realized I've been emotionally abused by mother and step father from age 2 to 18. Is there any legal action I can take?
For trading card games, how are rares printed and packaged so that there's actually a lower chance of pulling one?
Can we control the direction of missiles (left, right, top, bottom) and vary it speeds? If we can, then how?
What is the process of buying shares and minimum amount require?
Institutions dealing with ICJ and why ICC is important) and introductory chapter?
Why does \"slow down\" and \"slow up\" mean the same thing?
How do I recover deleted/missing files and folders in WD My Passport Ultra disc 2TB?
What is the difference between B.Tech IT and B.Tech CSE at GGSIPU?
What are some examples of acids and alkalis in everyday life?
People don't feel tipped sideways when they travel to Europe. The Chinese and Australians do not feel upside down. Does this prove the earth is flat?
Why is it that some times you feel sad and you don't even know the reason..?
Am I in starvation mode and If I start eating will I gain weight?
What is the difference between kosher and halal food products in the store?
I love writing, law and business. I am in my final year of high school and finding it hard to choose a career. What can I possibly study in varsity?
What is a suitable inpatient drug and alcohol rehab center near Jenkins County GA?
I have read Jeffery Archer's Kane and Abel and absolutely loved it. Which of his novels should I pick next?
I have a \"vanity\" URL that redirects traffic to my main website. I've recently set up Google Analytics, and because of the redirect, it counts the vanity URL as referral traffic. Is there any way to get analytics to count that as direct traffic, or am I stuck?
What is min corneal thickness is required for lasik? I am myopic -8(R) and -8.5(L).IS LASIK advised for such myopia case?
How can I build a drone with only basic physics and a little knowledge of mechanics?
What are your views on the ban of Rs 500 and Rs 1000 notes by the Indian Government? Pros cons?
Does anybody thinks Indian media is paid and they have given contract to praise Modi and spread negativity about other small Parties?
I love reading on my Kindle Paperwhite because of battery life and readability in sunlight or darkness, will there ever be a color e-ink Kindle eReader?
Where do I buy personalized molds for plastic injection molding, and do I need to find an engineer to build my pieces for the molding?
How much do the stars of Naked and Afraid get paid in USA?
Why is water consumption so important for the body/mind and how much should we ideally be drinking per day?
What does it take to run a country and make it prosperous?
How do I cancel my previous individual appointment for passport and apply for a group appointment in the Philippines?
Passports: I have filed my online passport application form, submitted it and taken an appointment also. But now I have found a mistake in it. Can I rectify it at the PSK on the appointment date? What can I do now?
Is the Brahma of Hinduism, Abraham of Christianity, and Ibrahim of Islam, the same? Why the differences in approach to each of the religions?
In 2D space given 2 circles and position, how many tangents can be drawn?
Can one store Facebook data and Twitter data in an SQL form?
Why don't Indian Muslims show solidarity with Kurdistan and Baloachistan like they do with Palestine?
What is the difference between detonation and knocking? How can they be prevented?
How can we increase our patience and hence our concentration and focus?
Why is my computer slow and unresponsive? How can I fix this?
What should I do if I fall for my best friend and she is already in a relationship?
Should items collected in colonial times and since held in museums be returned to their places of origin?
Should a former president who was impeached and lost his bar licenses for misconduct be allowed to live in the White House again?
What are the advantages of changing 500 and 1000 rupees currency in India?
What is a good inpatient drug and alcohol rehab center in Polk County AR?
Food: What should I do if I eat at a restaurant and then realize I forgot my wallet?
What are the main differences between a bachelor's and a graduate degree in sociology in terms of career prospects?
I am a 3rd year mechanical engineering student from an NIT but I have a keen interest in coding, and now I am in a dilemma because I don't want a job in remote area. So what should I do? Can I pursue a career as a programmer after my BTech in mechanical engineering?
What are the strongest majors in terms of job prospects and what are the weakest majors at Bowdoin College?
How can I track a mobile number and the location from any sofware?
What causes electrons and protons to have a magnetic field and what are magnetic fields made of?
What is the total cost of printing and circulating of the new Rs 500 and Rs 2000 notes?
What is the difference between 2nd merit list and waiting list for college admissions?
Have you ever been overwhelmed by too many interests and goals? How did you prioritze?
Why is it called \"Cash on Delivery\" and not \"Pay On Delivery\"?
In relation to terrorist threats against the US, what determines a 'credible threat' and why aren't there many, many more hoaxes causing disruption?
How long does it take to learn PHP and JavaScript to develop a web?
Three balls are drawn from a bag containing 5 white, 4 black and 6 red balls. Find the probability that all the balls are of one colors?
What is the best course to learn and conduct dental reseach?
Debate: Should mothers stay at home and take care of their children?
I want to recover my password for Facebook and my email account can you help me?
What is your review of Ad Network and Ad Serving Technology?
I dream vividly every single night and can remember them every morning. What does this mean?
How do I score distinction and above in the final year of engineering?
What exactly is a Freemason and what goes on at their meetings?
What are some of the best vegetarian and vegan restaurants in London?
What are the pros and cons to working at a startup?
If I don't want to hurt others and make them feel worse does this make me unethical?
I am 27 not been in relationship, but I speak with women in and around my age, parents already in search of bride, get along with more women or marry?
3 years experienced in java. I have offers from Accenture, capgemini and Infosys. capgemini is paying slightly more than Accenture, which is better?
Where should I go to buy royalties and income producing assets? I'm looking for non-stock investments.
What are Hillary Clinton's views about India and how does she aim to strengthen the Indo-US relations?
Can people be knowledgable about the world and still possess naive optimism?
Is the fact that the number of light-years in a parsec (~3.26) and feet in a meter (~3.28) are close purely coincidental?
What is the currency in the Bahamas and do they accept US dollars?
Why can't black people, white people, and all other people just get along?
What do you do when you have depression and therapy isn't an option?
If f (x+y) = f (x) + f (y)[/math] and f (2) = 3[/math], what is f (4)[/math]?
What are the strongest majors in terms of job prospects and what are the weakest majors at Union College?
What is the name of the song and the singer in this Indian TV Sunny Zip ad?
I've sent a message to my friend through WhatsApp a day ago and recently I saw her online but I still didn't get the blue ticks. What could be the reason?
My hard drive is dead, not recognized in BIOS and does not make any sound. What should I do? Is there any way to get the files and pictures back from the hard disk?
What are some amazing facts about birth number and destiny number 5 in numerology?
Which is a suitable inpatient drug and alcohol rehab center near Hancock County IA?
Did Russia lose its important ally and friend \u201cIndia\u201d to the US and traded it for Pakistan?
Does the grand success of nonsense movies like Dabanng, Dhoom 3, EK Tha Tiger, and Chennai Express prove that the quality of movies made in India is degrading with respect to the movies made in Hollywood?
Who will win the 20th match between India and Argentina in the 2016 Kabaddi World Cup?
My father is businessman. I am a salaried person. can I take 2.5 lakh from him and deposit that money to my saving account to avoid tax?
How do I get back windows 10? I ran a factory reset and it reverted back to windows 8.1.
How many goals are scored by Messi and Ronaldo via a free kick?
How many questions did you attempt and how many marks do you expect in KVPY SA 2016?
Given that investors have backed Tesla and Solar City, doesn't it make sense that they'd also provide a fair valuation to SpaceX, and if so is Elon Musk being overly fearful in not taking them public?
How do I overcome this humiliation and embarrassment I faced by a girl for sniffing her panties?
Who are the ten most powerful wizards and witches in Harry Potter?
Where can I buy vegetables and fruits in Noida through online?
What is the difference between Machine Learning and Deep Learning? Which is better?
Days after wearing shaping undergarments around my tummy I have stomach and back pain and a feeling of compressed gas. What has happened?
Don\u2019t get time for workout or running due to scheduled life. Feeling sleepy and lazy all the day in office. Any valuable suggestion?
How would American Civil War change if wireless communication (WW2-radio style) were invented and a commonplace for both sides down to a brigade?
Why do some airplanes have low wings, and others have high wings?
What can cause an amp distortion and how can it be fixed?
What if US conquered all of North America and everything south to Panama?
I have an answer on Quora that has 4 upvotes and only 1 view. How is that possible?
What is a controlled variable in an experiment and what are some examples of that?
What happens if I buy a cement bag and store it in my house for a year ?
If ever you are applying as an immigration officer how would your skills and experience (any previous work) meet those required of an immigration officer and what would make you a great addition to the immigration team?
Is there a non-surgical way to permanently and naturally change your voice?
Back in medieval times, did kings really charge out and fight on the battle ground alongside their army, Braveheart-style?
How can I improve my reading and understanding skills for UPSC?
What are the most visited and famous places in Gurgaon, Haryana?
What do you do if you started loving your friend's girlfriend and promised him you'd never tell her?
Is the foreskin of Jesus among the crucifixion and redemption \" Luke 2:21\"?
How much you would pay for a water bottle that tracks your water intake in real time and glows to remind you if you are behind your daily water goal?
Paleontology: Could it be that dinosaurs were actually small creatures, their bones having swelled and calcified over many millions of years to the size they are today?
Small Businesses: I want to start a panipuri stall, can anyone suggest a catchy and quirky name targeting the female audience?
How many times do men and women think of sex in a day?
What is the difference between an American staffy and an English staffy? What similarities do they share?
Where can I get my car's alternator replaced and how much would it cost?
Can telling good moral stories to children help impart important virtues and values to them? What are any examples of such stories?
G= H-TS is the Gibbs function for the system. In the case of a reversible isotherm and isobaric process, G (Gibb's free energy) of system is equal to?
I want to build a online gallery as Satrchi Art (USA) , and sale them aboard, what kind of Chinese typical painting would you choose?
Is there any use of getting good grades in college? In the end people with bad and good grades always seem to end up with same things.
Shock Sites: What is meatspin and where does one see it?
Why am I more at ease and outgoing being with foreigners?
Which books do you recommend for Algorithms and Data Structures for C++?
I have to write 20 page proposal on \"Cloud Computing in English Language Teaching\" and I have just on day. Could anybody provide some help?
What are some good examples of short, witty and casual text messages to send to a woman after a date?
Is the British political system more capable of reform and compromise than the American?
What is the difference between active 1 hour ago and just simply 1 hour on Facebook Messenger?
Who are some Bollywood actors and actresses who are known for over acting?
What do you lose when you lose the Kingdom, Law and Justice of God as the world state, law and justice?
What are some consumer products that are common in developing countries like China and India that have not yet become popular in the US?
Can you work in a bank Front Office and be genuinely honest?
What are the best books for preparing IBPS PO and clerk 2016 exam as per the new pattern?
Why do some people absolutely have to eat before boarding a metro relugiously and rip a loud smelly one just when it gets too crowded?
What were the major contributions of the political leaders during WW1, and how are the compared to the ones during Revolution of 1830?
What is the climate of California's coastal regions, and how does it compare to the climate in Georgia?
Where can you find real non-commercial house and techno music in Tijuana?
Why do railway traffic lights have green at the top and red at the bottom but road signals are the other way?
How could Kickass torrent owner Artem Vaulin [the man in News and should be] transacting through an iCloud account which logs your IP address?
Has anyone ever used 'no contact' rule and has successfully got back an ex during a long distance relationship?
How should I prepare for JEE Mains Exam 2017 ? I am worried about maths and physics . I want to score more then 200
Why India is sending satellites to Mars and Pakistan is sending terrorists to the world?
What is the best budget hotels in Nainital for accommodation of me and my friends in this coming New Year eve in peak season?
My income is INR 4,80,000 so how much I needed to pay as income tax? And where and what amount of money I needed to invest, donate to save some tax?
What are the permissions and licenses required to make crockery items?
Over the last 4 decades the pay gap between women and men in the U.S. has declined. What is the relationship between women's pay and education?
Why is the first generation of interspecific hybrid plants and animals generally sterile? Why do they become fertile once polyploidy is introduced in the second generation?
What are the differences and similarities between the comic and the TV series of \"Green Arrow\"?
What are some symphonies that evoke a sense of wonder and awe, akin to the Cosmos theme?
Is jaggery healthy as such, and is it healthier than sugar?
I'm a first year student at UNSW and I want to put my degree on hold and teach English somewhere in Asia. How do I go about this.?
Why is it socially acceptable for people in the US to do impressions and accents of Europeans (British, French, German and Russian) but considered racist when imitating Asians (Chinese, Japanese, Korean, etc.)?
Which Institute is best for industry oriented training and placement for instrumentation engineers?
When will the online registration and choice filling for WBJEE medical 2016 start?
What are the pros and cons of a biometric atm machine?
What are the advantages and disadvantages of being an average student?
How do marine biology and oceanography compare, and what are their main aplications?
What are the functions of main and distribution reinforcement in slab?
Which serial killers were addicted to drugs and which crimes have they done while they were?
Which are some serene places in and around Ahmedabad, where one can just sit and relax?
Why is my grandmother yelling and screaming at the cat for messing up the bed?
I'm 34 weeks pregnant and I can't sleep. What should I do?
Is there a website or forum where I can post, view, and discuss user created content?
Is Trump trying to promise everything with his economic plan and no plan to explain how his plan will pay for it?
How would the movie be if Karan Dharma Kama Johar had directed and produced Hindi version of TERMINATOR 4 movie?
What is the mission of the NFL, and why is it a nonprofit organization?
Is it a good idea to display all our weapons and our defense forces on Republic Day? Won't terrorist take notice of them and be prepared when we attack them?
Why do people have cellulite and how do you get rid of it?
Which zodiac sign is the best and have the best traits?
Which are heavily consumed vegetables and excessive grown crops in Chhattisgarh?
What is the worst thing that someone has done to you and how do you feel about it now?
I want to make a book of my family history and their stories. Should I start at modern time and go back through the generations, or vice versa?
What is delta S in chemistry and what is the difference between delta H and delta S?
What is a suitable inpatient drug and alcohol rehab center near Worth County GA?
What's the body that governs sports in Romania, and its (email) contact point?
What is the difference between self-occupied and let out house property?
What is the best way to register a domain and what is your reason for doing it this way?
What do you think about the MH17 being shot down and what is the reason or motive to killing innocent people?
I recently created an online retail MVP that generated 82 sales in 24 hours, a 13.8 percent conversion rate,  dollar 852 revenue and a 60 percent gross profit margin. I've been offered  dollar 50,000 seed capital for 12.5 percent equity, but I am not allowed to pay myself a salary until we're cashflow positive. Is this fair?
I am having 99 fever daily and sometimes I get headaches. What should I do about this problem and is getting 99.5 fever daily bad?
What is the difference between crushing and buckling failures of a column?
Which are the best colleges for electronics and instrumentation engineers in abroad?
Can someone identify as bisexual and pansexual at the same time?
Which Stargate series should I invest my time in and watch? SG-1, Atlantis or SGU? Why?
What are the impacts on poor, labourers, hawkers and small traders due to demonetisation in India?
I am very needy for a job. Which is a trusted and safe site for online work to earn money?
What are some easy to learn methods for keeping track of homework assignments and moving forward with my to-do list for college applications?
What does \"low MCV and MCH\" mean on a blood test?
What are the best skateboard trucks and why? How are they designed and how are they made?
How can I figure out my life passion? I want to dedicate my life to something, and master it. Alas, I am having trouble figuring out what. Any tips?
How can I overcome a desperation towards a girl and How can I have her? Situation is on details.
How did the Renaissance and the scientific revolution change the world?
An atom has electrons, protons and neutrons. But what's in the electrons, protons or neutrons?
How do you keep track of bills and expenses with your roommates?
What is the definition of 'simile' and how is it used in a sentence?
Why do Muslim men shave their moustaches and keep free flowing beards?
What are the main imports and exports of Venezuela, and how does Venezuela's industry compare to Peru's?
What separates an analyst with an average work ethic and an analyst with an above average work ethic?
How hard is it to maintain a CGPA of >9.5 in Maths and Computing (4 yr) in IIT Delhi for someone who gets a DepC into this branch?
How are careers in zoology changing and what's necessary to stay current?
Can the congenitally deaf read and write? If so, how do they learn it?
I am working as a manual tester for 2 years in a MNC and I want to switch my company. What certifications/knowledge is required to get a job with a good salary and where should I apply?
What can I do if life is crumbling beneath me? I have no car, a ged and poor parents how do I you become happy?
Is it smart to learn C++ and Java at the same time?
Is it welcome for me as a white person to raise my fist in solidarity along with blacks and other minorities at Black Lives Matter rallies, etc?
Why do I feel tired, lazy and unmotivated all the time?
What are the different types of sedimentary rocks and what characteristics do they all have?
Can you get a wash and set after coloring your hair?
What is the modern depillaring method of board and pillar method by continuous miner?
What is grim reality of Indian Sports and why not Indians do well in Olympics?
What is a consecutive calendar day and how is it related with the Bad\u00ed\u2018 calendar?
Is it really a good thing to dream high? Is it like looking and running towards an oasis in a desert, which turns out to be a mirage, and later realizing that you had a small water bottle in your backpack (I am talking about small things like friends, family, nature etc.)?
What is the best way to learn Data structures and algorithms from scratch?
Where is the Baraka River located, and how does it compare to the Congo River?
Can a judge be defined as a lawyer or barrister and what is the difference between a lawyer and barrister?
What is the difference between a manufacturer (Xiaomi) and a producer (Zimi corporation)?
What are some reproducible and testable facts that prove the theory of Evolution?
Should all aspects of work and life be designed more like games?
What would you say about The Park Trump Tower coming up in Mumbai and Trump Towers in Pune? Don't you think his policies would be favorable for India?
I live I Mumbai m think to purchase cab and run in Ola Uber is it profitable? Which cab should I purchase
Is it time for India to scrap the Scheduled Castes and Scheduled Tribes Act of 1989?
I will be having my 12th boards in 2 months time. How and what should I study for mathematics?
What is the difference between a French citizen and a French National? How does one become one or the other?
How different and similar are the presidential and parliamentary government systems, and what should they understand about each other?
What is the difference between consolidated and contingency funds of India?
What is the reason behind driving on the left hand side and the right hand side of the road in different countries?
What are the differences between living and non-living things at the atomic / molecular level?
Will modern payment services such as PayPal and Apple's upcoming payment system replace Mastercard and Visa?
I molested my best friend and I'm really sorry for that. I'm really sorry for what happened and I want to make things right. help me?
If you were an animal what animal do you think you would be and why? What animal do you wish you could be and why?
Where can I download free and quality templates of adobe after effects?
In what way was Tsarist Russia better than Communist Russia, and vice-versa, if such comparison can be made?
What is the difference between \"to\" and \"by\" in the following sentences?
How can I fall in love again? I was hurt once and swore it would only happen once.
Who is Adrian Lamo and why is he so popular on Quora?
In what ways do the two major U.S. political parties exclude and suppress other parties from our elections?
I will be coming from Melbourne to Mumbai via Delhi. Can I purchase duty-free liquor in Delhi and carry it in my hand baggage for my connecting flight to Mumbai?
What are the different IT tools and technology use in physics domain?
Is it possible for a blue eyed mother and brown eyed father to have a child with blue eyes?
What are the pros and cons of Pulsar RS 200? Is it reliable and refined? Can I get a detailed review?
What's the definition of 'impotent' and how is it used in a sentence?
Is a song of ice and fire reference to Jon and deanerys or just Jon?
Why don't we have TV series like Friends, Game of Thrones or Suits made and produced in India? Has it never occurred to any leading filmmaker or producer to go for such a show?
Which are the major highways in California and how are they compared to the major highways in Maine?
What is the use of removing 500 and 1000 rupees currency notes?
We all know that an oscillating electric field creates a magnetic field and vice versa, then what does an oscillating gravity field create?
What are some warm blooded animals and what are their differences with cold blooded animals?
How can I get MOOC/E-learning through online Web and Video courses related to Interior Design developed by Indian professorial/professors?
Where can I found experienced technicians and installers in Sydney for fencing products?
I want to join as a PO in SBI. To appear for GD/PI, is it mandatory to get the experience certificate from my previous employer if I had quit 2 years back and on break since then? I don't even have the relieving letter as I didn't serve the notice period. Will this affect my selection?
Are there any presentation methods that can show both the exact quantity of a sample group and the proportion of it to the entire sample size at once?
I'm a girl and I have facial hair. I used a razor on them now they are growing harder and faster. Is there any permanent solution?
What is the best place to start a conversation and make a girl your girlfriend, Facebook or WhatsApp?
Can you please name an example of historical figures who stills persists and works towards his or her goals in the face of difficulties lying ahead?
One of the most crucial aspects of gender equality is affordable childcare and paid paternity leave. Any plans to address this on a national level?
What is the total salary, and the in-hand salary of an SBI PO?
Is a \"limited\" nuclear war between the US and Russia a possibility or would too many nukes be unleashed for humans to survive?
Is it not sheer waste of money to subsidise iits and those guys leaving India instead of working for benefit of India?
Is it more effective to run 30 seconds and walk 1 minute 10 times, or run 1 minute and walk 2 minutes 5 times?
Where can I get a variety of painting and decorating services at Coogee?
I know the basics and have worked with data integration and reporting. How can I learn more about data warehouse and data analytics? What is the relationship between big data and data warehouse?
How are tracking numbers for FedEx and UPS assigned? What do they look like?
If Russia already has economic sanctions from Germany and nothing to lose anymore, what keeps them from being safe haven for unblurred Street View?
Team Building: Does anyone have suggestions for  creative and fun team bonding activities in San Francisco?
Tomorrow is the result of my 12th board exam and I'm getting restless. How do I calm myself down?
Is there a web service where I can submit several samples of my writing and get suggestions on how I can improve my overall writing and style?
Can someone enroll in a health insurance plan and later decide not to use it (was never used at that moment) and neither pay the monthly premiums?
If the atmosphere gets too rough in terms of storms and wind speeds would it be better to build colony domes underwater or underground cities?
How do I get money from saudi arabia for start up business and the name of company which provide funds?
I made a national anthem for my made up country (it was for a project and it was not required). Am I going in too far?
What are file level and block level storage and what are their differences?
What is the difference between kenyon gyro and 3 axis gimbal? Which gives better stability?
How do create web link? To act like a redirect Apps Store based on user phone detect and will open automatically App if already installed in phone.
What are the best high end men's clothing brands and retailers for formal-business-wear, in ranking order?
My syllabus is more or less done. What should I solve ? How and what should I revise for JEE 2017 now?
If global warming is real, then why are winters and snow storms getting more severe every year?
Which is the best practice book for physics and chemistry class 11 NEET?
What are the most common traffic convictions in Arkansas, and how does the severity of the convictions differ in Delaware?
Reliance AIMS: Is it good for learning 3D animation and can I get a job after studying from it?
Can you reduce your body fat and gain muscle mass at the same time?
Is it possible to download torrents for Ps4 games, and how would I then play it on my console?
What are the living conditions in Rockville, Maryland and how does it compare to Poolesville?
Why do the conferences / conventions on climate change and environmental degradation are still continuing in fully air conditioned halls?
What do they call it when you get beat on a big play and you act injured in football?
What is the meaning of Analysis and use it in your sentence.?
Which apps help me share and get the opinion of the event and location pictures, easily and quickly with my clients?
What is the best way to compare and contrast meiosis and mitosis?
What do the MC, M+, M-, MU and MRC buttons on calculators do?
Why are random people getting calls from my number even though I never make those calls and neither do they show in my call log? And how I do stop this?
How many votes will Gary Johnson and Jill Stein receive in the general election?
Where can I get finest quality materials and detailed craftsmanship for horse fencing in Sydney?
Should I go for Pulsar RS200 or Honda CBR 150R? I'm 6 feet tall and I expect a bike with decent performance and comfotable ergonomics.
Why do factions like ISIS and the Taliban support Sharia Law that is by all means of reason and morality draconian and especially demeaning towards women? Why do they want to harm other people?
How do I solve webmaster tool\u2019s HREF lang error that describes that URLs for your site and alternate URLs in 'en-us' that do not have return tags?
What does the average funeral service include and how long should it last?
What is the evolutionary significance of federalism and how has it changed modern society?
How much time it takes for bio metric process appointment and for Interview process at the US consular office (India) for non immigrant visa?
Which are the best Drug or Alcohol Rehab, Detox and Recovery Program Centers in the Alameda County California area?
What's the difference between 4 GB mobile RAM and 4GB PC RAM? Why does mobile RAM cost lesser?
What is the evidence for and against the existence of the historical Jesus?
Is eating chyawanprash really beneficial to your health, and what are your experiences with it?
What are five differences between laminar and turbulent flow and conditions necessary for turbulent flow?
I want to start a side business with Uber in Kolkata (India). What are the cost and expected profit per month on a conservative side?
I would like to use MySql and MongoDB both together by making MySql and the front layer DB and Mongo for the Backup alone. Is this possible?
What were the major effects of the cambodia earthquake, and how do these effects compare to the Nias-Simuele earthquake in 2005?
If I delete someone's conversation (old msgs + new unread message) on WhatsApp without reading it and without opening their chat window, will they receive blue ticks?
How can we get the contact details of Amazon, Flipkart and Snapdeal sellers to contact them for listing their products on our portal?
Who are some lesser known important historical figures of Qatar and what should people know about them?
What is a real life example of a child experiencing initiative and guilt? How can both scenarios be distinguished?
Are Shopify, Bigcommerce, Webnexs, Volusion, and Magento the only big eCommerce platforms?
Why do fundamental forces like gravity and electromagnetism follow inverse square dependence only?
Where can I get questions and answers for 12th mp board exam?
Why is my hair falling out and is there anything I can do to prevent this?
Is there such a place where the super rich want to help college students with their tuition and donate in exchange for a sincere thank you note/personal art for those who are working full time/school full time?
I will my first competetive exam and I want to clear in first time.How do I cleared my first attemp?
What is the age limit to take the SATs and ACTs? Is there an age limit to it or not?
Why do I always feel alone and think that nobody understands me?
Is Mecca holy to Shiite, Alawites and Kurds? Or is it strictly for Sunni Muslims only?
Do most Americans follow their colleagues and bosses on social media?
When will episodes 5, 6, 7, 8, 9, and 10 be released for Game of Thrones season 5?
What is difference between pacharisi and puzhungal arisi? Which is better to intake?
Is there a way to link your buyer and seller accounts on Amazon?
What are your options if you find out that your home needs  dollar 100K in foundation and drainage repairs that your inspector missed?
How do you differentiate between your inherent personality and something about yourself that you can change?
Welding: Can anyone recommend an all in one welder (mig,stick and plasma cutter) for under  dollar 1,000?
What happens to the clothes and ornaments given to the gods in temples?
What would happen if you went back in time and killed your grandfather?
How can I stop taking things for granted and chasing things I can't have?
If you could go back in time and do one thing, what would it be?
Why are most of the IT graduates in the Philippines not willing and motivated enough to put in the time and effort to learn new technologies?
What are the most underrated Hollywood movies and why do you think they're worth watching?
How will the ban on existing 500 and 1000 rupee note affect India? What are the pros and cons?
What are the hardest time you've seen and how did you get out of it?
How does it feel when your only friend and bestfriend left you out when they are in relationship?
I want to start hitting the gym with my friends, especially to get abs and increase my biceps. Can you help me with my workout routine?
What are the differences between radiology and radiography and how are each of them used?
I'm a mechanical engineer student. My GATE 2015 rank is 5467 and score is 621. Can I expect admission from IIT Madras MS in aerospace engineering?
How do companies like Amazon, Vodafone and Sony manage to give such wonderful customer support and services?
What are the most modern and elegant web technologies for the year 2015?
How long can cherries sit out and still be safe to eat?
What are the strongest majors in terms of job prospects and what are the weakest majors at Missouri State?
What are the most interesting products and innovations that Frost Bank is coming out with in 2016?
Where can I find a 100 percent working 3DS Emulator and Pok\u00e9mon X and Y ROMS compatible with It for my Android Phone?
I went to homecoming and saw this girl. Before homecoming I already kind of liked her. During homecoming we were all partying and then I started to like her more. Now it has been 6 days and I can't get over her. Does any one know if there is a condition like this?
How will users answers on Quora with pictures and images? Do they read question and start collecting it?
In economics, some people represent slope as a straight line and some as a curve. What's the difference?
3 green beads, 3 blue beads, 3 white beads and 3 pink beads.How many distinct necklace can shivam make in this way?
My peers don't like working with me. I intimidate them, and I cannot/will not play dumb. My teams love working with me. What should I do?
Which would be a better choice between Katzung and Lippincott in pharmacology for Second Proffesional MBBS?
Does everyone see an answer as \"collapsed\" when you downvote one and it becomes collapsed on your side?
What is the difference between a mechanical engineering and engineering management? Are they the same or partial?
I found out my boyfriend had romantic / sexual talks online (and possibly actual encounters) about a year ago. He said it was just to have fun and never had a real encounter with anyone, and stopped it long ago. I forgave him, but wonder if he's doing it again. How can I get over this?
All problems are only due to two words \"early\" and \"late\" We dream too early.. And act too late.. We trust too early.. And forgive too late.?
My mother is a widow. There is a difference in her maiden name and present one. What document do I need to present in this regard for a passport?
How do you compare VU TV and Micromax TV? Which one is the best?
What are some ethical and legal ways to download a YouTube video?
What is it like to have a greedy and bipolar personality disordered wife?
If you have one crore rupees and had to spend it in one day, what would you do?
What is the cut-off for KVPY exam( SA stream ) 2016 and when are the results declared?
What is the song name and artist who sounds similar to SPM?
Why haven't the American major airlines like Delta, American Airlines and United Airlines bought an Airbus A380?
What are the legal separation laws in PA and how do they compare with the ones in Michigan?
Which is the best method to store text document, images and videos together on a graph node?
What are the similarities and differences between the ocean and space?
Which is a good inpatient drug and alcohol rehab center in Clark County IL?
What happens to left over campaign money and other campaign specific assets after an election?
Which is better: i5 4th gen and 12GB RAM or i5 6th gen and 8GB RAM?
Sexual Health: How do I approach and convince my daughter's boyfriend to get STD Tested?
Can anyone give description of planning developing and launching for a app development company?
I want to start a Blog on sexual relationship tips and advice but it is illegal in India and Adsense never allows adult content so what to do?
What is a simplified explanation and proof of the Johnson-Lindenstrauss lemma?
Why is the PSN down and when will it be back up?
Why are American Football and Hockey a little bit of a violent sport?
If there was a hole that traveled straight through Earth and opened on the other side of the planet, what would happen if you jumped into it?
What are the ways to insert an image path into the MySQL database and save it in the folder and display the same image in a web page via PHP?
What is the best bank to open NRE account if I am staying in Thailand and planning to repatriate some amount back to India?
Why do some people prefer to wipe themselves with toilet paper when a bowl of water and even some soap shavings is arguably more thorough?
What were the causes and consequences of the American Civil War?
A girl sent me a snapchat picture. In the picture, it was saying snap me and a winky emotion, like this \"Snap me ;)\", what does this mean?
Are there any Trump supporters who actually think the wall is a good and effective solution to illegal immigration and if so, can you explain how?
How can neither Bernie nor Hillary have the majority of delegates and only a plurality if they are the only two running for the Democratic nomination?
How is add verification code number like WhatsApp in Android studio project and how to integrate verification code like WhatsApp?
What special regulations do gun laws in Texas have in regards to silencers, and how do they compare to regulations in Rhode Island?
I am a girl. I love my best guy friend and I told him. He is attracted to me physically but he said he doesn't want a relationship. We still kiss and hug. He touches me like I am his girlfriend. I can't say \"No\" nor can I live with the fact that he wants me only physically. What should I do?
What is a program to print out the first 100 odd numbers and add the largest 4 odd numbers from them?
How do I study physics by myself and understand the concepts as I'am not good in physics?
What is the maximum number of both essential prime implicants and prime implicants possible for an n-variable boolean function?
What is name of company that has service to help you call 800 numbers without being put on hold? They wait for you and then call you when the 800 number picks up? What's the company called?
What were the major contributions of the political leaders during WW1, and how are the compared to the ones during the Seven Year War?
Given the effectiveness of artillery in WWI and WWII, why was it not used more? What was the limiting factor?
What are the strongest majors in terms of job prospects and what are the weakest majors at Towson University?
What is the difference between didactics and pedagogy? How do the two compare?
How can I get 150-200 in JEE mains and 90 percent in boards by self preparation?
Is it true black women have the tightest and strongest vagina's in your experience?
I am a hea\u0142thy 25-year-old female, but I have been waking with a dull, throbbing pain in my ankles, calves, and sometimes in the humerus area of my arms. It is difficult to descend the stairs, but as I get moving the pain subsides. What could this be?
When is the ideal time to eat fruits and vegetables? Before or after food?
How can I add my QQ and WeChat account to iMessage?
How are the laws regarding self defense weapons enforced in Australia and how do they compare to the way they're enforced in Peru?
Which song is very similar, in terms of melody and chorus, to Closer by Chainsmomers?
Why are the deserts located in the tropical zones and in the western margins of the continents?
Do you need good motor skills to be a good engineer? I'm very clumsy and I've always sucked at making prototypes and lab work.
What are the living conditions in Rockville, Maryland and how does it compare to Gaithersburg?
I have a PhD in Physics. I had technical/research and managerial positions. No connections now. How can I get a job without connections?
If you travel at the speed of light and hold a flashlight forward, will the light travel forward ?
Should Muslims in the U.S. be allowed to live and conduct their affairs by Sharia law and not by state or federal laws?
Why is Quora making so many annoying changes like limit Question details and mark every mathematical question topic as ambiguous?
What are some cool ways to say \"Yes! I love Hyderabad and I love being a Hyderabadi\"?
What are the basic knowledge and books required for creating your own operating system?
Do you think hair transplantation is a good idea and can give the same original look back?
Where can I find data on the number of apartment complexes in the US, and the demographics of residents in those complexes?
Is there a USB hub in the market that allows for wirelessly connecting a USB mouse and keyboard to a laptop using Wifi or bluetooth?
Do companies really expect customers to read the terms and agreements before accepting it?
What are your most upvoted answers on Quora and what did you learn from their popularity?
How can we explain strong and weak forces to a 7th class student?
How do people fall in love and what are its indicators?
What service is above and beyond the best in regards to setting up a merchant account and payment gateway in the USA for an eCommerce startup?
Yesterday, my friend broke up with his girlfriend and now he is behaving like a mad person. What should I suggest him to do?
Is it possible to automatically extract and save all email attachments in myMail app?
What are some products that are actually made and designed in Switzerland?
How do I set .htacces file for solving canonical issues and image expiry issue in .aspx websites? As apache server don't support .htaccess file?
Is it safe in Egypt now? I want to visit for a business trip and I do plan a project there, but I am hesitating to go!
What are the advantages and disadvantages of rooting an android phone?
The two balls are drawn from a bag containing 9 red and 14 white balls. What is the probability that each of the different color?
Where can you play rummy online in India and are there are any cash tournaments held?
Why were Pages, Keynote and Numbers removed when I reinstalled Mac OS?
Is the Sukhoi Su-35S superior to and cheaper than the F-35?
How can one help a depressed and anxiety ridden person to get out of this state?
What's the weightage given to 10th, 12th and graduation marks in IIM's selection process?
I have an updated paid firewall/virus scanner and I do not use unprotected public WiFi. How do I make myself more secure?
How long can I stay in Canada on a tourist visa, and how often can I renew it?
Which is a good inpatient drug and alcohol rehab center in Martin County KY?
What was Muhammad Ali's nickname as a boxer, and what were nicknames he gave to his opponents?
I am a pure ENFP around people, but on my own I act and think like an ISTP; can it be possible? How do I determine what personality is really me?
What's a good single file code that I can skim over to get a quick refresher on the important parts of the Java and C# programming languages if I need to prepare for an interview in less than 24 hours?
Why is the gym always busy in April and when will it slow down?
In T20 Cricket why can't a ball be bowled down leg side and force the batsmen figure out a scoring strategy rather than penalising the bowler?
What impact has the work of Peter Saville had on the success of Joy Division/New Order and the music scene in Manchester during the early 80s?
Everybody says find out what you love and do it, I do not know how to. Any advice? Am I the only one?
If a scientist, an engineer, a metallurgist, a physicist, and a programmer were sent back in time, how much time would it take to build a computer?
How do you buy things with PayPal when the electricity and internet are out or away due to an emergency?
When someone loses his memory will he/she be able to read and write in his native language if he was before?
Can I write for Quora all day and ask for donations on GoFundMe?
Started Quora 2 days ago and I am addicted, is that okay?
What is your favorite thing or element in Percy Jackson and the Olympians (book series)? What do you wish you could change?
Why are coffins sometimes open and sometimes closed during the funeral?
How can one walk a spiritual path and desire money at the same time?
I am getting a 202 in the JEE Adv 2015 and my friend is getting a 174. What ranks can we both expect?
Why does wearing thong panties and thong briefs feel so uncomfortable to new wearers (to men and women)?
What's the difference between the ventral and dorsal views of the heart?
What are the similarities and differences between Pakistani Punjab and Indian Punjab?
How often is Jony Ive at Apple and what is his function as of March 2016?
How many episodes did Naruto and Naruto Shippuden end up with as a whole?
Is it bad for a guy to do his eyebrows? I have a unibrow and they make fun at me at school when I get my eyebrows done?
What is the difference between a data scientist and a business intelligence analyst?
What are some local laws in regards to nudity in Vermont, and how do they differ from nudity laws in Indiana?
Is sanskrit the mother of all languages and which one is the oldest Tamil or sanksrit?
Why some people say 1 kilobyte is 1024 bytes and others say it\u2019s 1000 bytes?
What is name of the mudra where thumb and index finger tips touch each other while the middle and ring fingers twist together?
I am invited for a PhD interview by the United Nation University on Bonn (about food safety and pollution) next week. What should I do to surpass on the interview?
What is the purpose behind the 22nd amendment of the American Constitution, and how does it differ from the 8th amendment?
What is the difference between a 5-year integrated MSc course in IIT KGP and 4 year BTech course in IIT Guwahati in mathematics and computing?
Where does the water from the Great Lakes come from, and how does these lakes wildlife compare to Lake Balaton?
Is it wrong that I've never masturbated in my life and that I don't feel the need to?
Did you ever really want to date someone who was with someone else, only to have them marry that person and forever be out of reach? Did that person become your one who got away?
What are the three main parts of the circulatory system, and what function does each serve?
What are the strongest majors in terms of job prospects and what are the weakest majors at the University of Houston-Clear Lake?
How does learning to play on an out of tune piano affect overall progress and ones ability to become a proficient player?
If your startup used to receive mail at your office sublet address, but then you moved and set up a PO Box, how do you get your old mail?
If dark/vacuum energy is created with expansion and it has no limit, can infinite energy be created then?
Which is a suitable inpatient drug and alcohol rehab center near Randolph County AL?
I am 23 I've played piano and guitar before. Am I too old to learn violin?
What is a consecutive calendar day and how is it related with the Bengali calendar?
What are the most interesting products and innovations that Triumph Bank is coming out with in 2016?
What are the lists of all activity clubs and societies in ISM Dhanbad?
I have cheated on my BF and told him after a year. How can we move on and continue our relationship?
How many EPFL excellence scholarships are awarded in electrical and electronics engineering courses?
Which branch would be better if I want to go for higher studies, electrical and electronics (DTU) or engineering physics (DTU)?
How would Martin Luther King Jr. and Malcom X react to 9/11 if they were alive today?
Since GATE scores are valid for three years, is it possible that if I do well, I could first complete my M.Tech from any of the IITs and then apply for PSU with the same score? Is moving in this direction correct?
What are the most funny and interesting facts you know about Animals?
How can the drive from Edmonton to Auckland be described, and how does the history of these cities compare and contrast?
What kind of changes in exporting and trading had happened in the past five years in Minnesota?
Why is the gym still busy in July and will It ever slow down?
What are the similarities of Mahabharat and present day Indian politics?
Haw can I find EU hard and soft laws about wine production?
I have a data set on which I have to apply a decision tree and a random forest algorithm. Which tool should I use?
What are the world's most and least racist countries, and why are they that way?
How can I start investing in stocks with only  dollar 100, and what platforms would you recommend?
What are the similarities and differences between the food cultures of China and France?
Can you give me some example of Succesful and failed Viral marketing on startups?
Would feminists be willing to call themselves egalitarians instead of feminists, and advocate explicitly for egalitarianism? Why, or why not?
Why do polls favour Clinton when Trump is filling up stadiums and Clinton can't fill a gymnasium?
What is the difference between Computer Engineering and Computer Science and Engineering? Which one has more opportunities and future?
Other than green house gases, why can't we dump all our trash and toxic wastes in active volcanoes?
Do girls really feel crazy when they're on periods? Is PMS only psychological and they feel that because they're made to believe that we feel weird during periods?
What are the best, potential and 6-figure earning jobs that don't require a degree?
What were the major effects of the cambodia earthquake, and how do these effects compare to the Concepcion earthquake in 1751?
I got caught driving a car underage without insurance and it's my moms car what's going to happen? I'm 15
What are the advantages of observational studies and what are its disadvantages?
How can I start learning data science and become master in it?
What are the best schools (reputation and funding) for Women's and Gender studies at the PhD level?
I'm a 3rd year pharmacy student in a five-year college. In the past year, I've lost all my motivation to study, and I'm going to fail. I feel like I've ruined everything, because all my friends will pass and I'll be the only one left behind. How do I forgive myself and find my motivation again?
Why is a compass not pulled towards the poles of earth and only aligns itself along the magnetic axis?
Does it mean anything if you ask a girl for her number and she asks for your phone so she can put in the number herself?
I am a class 12 commerce student with mathematics and I want to work in Google. What should I do after 12?
How do I delete my Quora account, and open a new one with the same email ID?
What are the values of x and y in 2x\u00b2\u2212xy\u2212y\u00b2+3x+2y=3 and x\u00b2\u22123x+2=0?
When will people in India stop littering and spitting in public places?
Quantum Mechanics: What is the Exchange energy and is it related to the Z effective?
How do I make a website, and an e-commerce online store?
What are the best ways to spend a day and sleep without any regrets?
What are the advantages and disadvantages of living in Ocala, Florida?
I can write Java programs easily with any logic and Why I can not do the same with Oracle Query?
Why do we often use the induction machine as motor and synchronous machine as generator?
What are the pros and cons of joining NUS High School?
Why is it not uncommon for property developers listed on Hong Kong and Singapore stock markets to trade at a discount to book value?
What is the climate of California's coastal regions, and how does it compare to the climate in Pennsylvania?
What is it like for an Indian to live and settle down in the USA?
What is the difference between a basis point and a pip (percentage in point)?
I\u2019m 5\u20326\u2033 and 13 years old. How tall will I be?
What's it like to be the parents of a successful startup CEO and having no idea about anything about business as a parent, being confused about work?
What are the benefits of CPD and what are some examples?
Will Trump really build that wall and make Mexico pay for it?
How do chefs calculate incidental expenses like oil water and electricity when costing menu items?
What are the similarities and differences between The Hunger Games and the upcoming Divergent (2014 movie)?
How come sometimes I dream things and then they actually happen in my real life?
What were the major contributions of the political leaders during WW1, and how are the compared to the ones during the Yugoslavia Civil War?
How do I force myself to have the same blind faith and purpose as religious people?
With a GRE score of 312 (165 Q & 147 V) IELTS 7.5 and a GPA of 8.7/10. Can I expect an admit from USC for Masters in Computer Science?
How can urine leakage be treated (especially after passing it and coming out of bathroom) by adjusting your posture?
What is the actual resistance of ammeter and voltmeter that we use in laboratory?
What are the comparative differences between a Sole Proprietorship and an LLC? What would be my best bet, if I want to open a Consulting Company?
How do you stop loving a guy that is like your sunshine and always makes you happy that you see everyday but he barely acts like I exist anymore?
Are Muslims in the USA rushing back home as Donald Trump and his U Haul hit the Washington DC highway?
What are the names and years of generations that have existed and still exist from the 19th century until present day?
If we are installing apps with our phone number and otp code, can the app company block us from using their company app in future?
Can I reverse hair loss and actually regrow hair on a receding hairline?
Would you rather be filthy rich and live 400 years ago or be poor but live today?
I want to get my articles published in newspapers like The Hindu and The Times of India. To whom should I send my works? Whom can I contact?
What is the relationship between the English words \"quack\", meaning a fraudulent doctor, and \"quack\", the onomatopoeic term for the sound produced by ducks? Which came first?
Why are black women so vocally angry and loud compared to women of other race?
I am very keen on pursuing an MS in management from the UK and getting into investment banking later on. How do i decorate my graduate school resume?
Is it possible for psychopath to take off their mask and become cruel when the people around them are useless?
Being availed the concession, coming from less privileged section (merit wise, and not wealth wise), how these reserved IITIAN students do in life?
What is the deciding factor in short, medium and long transmission lines?
My H1B was picked in lottery this year and I want to change my job. Can my new employer apply for it again for me?
For an object traveling at speeds above c, would time and distance measure as negative to an outside observer?
How do I deal with dandruff and hair fall in bangalore?
In qEEG studies, how does one measure \"resolve\", \"motivation\" and \"Energy States\" in EEG ratios as an aspect of human personality?
Why do people ask such stupid questions on Quora, and more importantly why do people take the time to answer them?
Why do some foreigners like to come and stay in the Philippines, but many Filipinos want to leave?
If you ejaculate while flying a supersonic jet and the residue hits someone on the ground, will they die?
Is it true that daughters look more like their fathers, and sons look more like their mothers? If so, why?
I changed the settings for my Jio SIM from engineering mode and I get a very slow speed. Is there a way to fix this instead of factory reset?
What is it like being a missing person's detective? I am doing research for a student film, and have a lot of questions? Anyone willing to chat?
What are the best offline bootcamps to learn Javascript and HTML in Asia? (not too expensive)
Closed captions on CNN are badly garbled and unreadable and have been that way for hours. Why can't CNN fix that in a timely manner?
If you were a Native leader in the Americas and had fifty years to prepare for the coming of the Europeans, what would you do, and why?
Can a 15 year old girl and 18 year old boy have sex?
What is the difference between python scripting and python coding explain the difference with simple program?
How much revenues do telecom operators earn through modern retail (Oxigen/Hariyali etc) and also from online recharges?  What will be contribution share to their total revenues per month?
What do religious scholars believe will happen to all the knowledge, emotional and spiritual development that a person accumulates throughout a lifetime at the time of death?
Before there was anything, has anyone a theory about how total and utter nothing became anything? Please don't suggest God how did nothing become God?
What will Trump do , if a non-US national, which got asylum and collaborates with DoJ, is kidnapped and transported out of US by a foreign state?
What are the health risks of chemical and mechanical digestion in the stomach?
I got a Verizon 3G iPhone from someone and I can't get in it because it says iPhone is disabled and it works only for emergency calls. How do I get that to go away and be able to use it ? I can't remember any of the information. What can I do to fix it?
Who is a top gainer and loser in the stock market?
I like a girl, but she already has a boyfriend and I'm struggling to maintain my cool.  What can I do?
I'm the sole founder of a site that I've run out of gold building. I need a technical co-founder to help me build better and bigger. It's tricky because I've done/paid for all the work so far. Does it require a big name?
How can I prepare myself when I know I am not going to find someone special and live my life all alone for the rest of my life?
Why do some Hindus avoid onion and garlic in their food?
How does a partnership business compare to a sole proprietor business, and what are the main characteristics of each?
Why does the whole world still live on a lie that the 9/11 attacks were done by terrorists, and not by America themselves? Why does no one come out with the truth in public?
How can I gain more followers and improve my Twitter Page and following?
Does listening to an audio book have the same benefits as reading a book? If not why not and please detail the separate benefits each type has.
Can my girl friend track my phone and read my text messages if we have the same google acount
What are the strongest majors in terms of job prospects and what are the weakest majors at the University of Hawaii?
What if the answers we are looking for regarding our purpose and life meaning are in our dreams?
What is meant by conjunction of Mars and Mercury in 5th house?
What's the difference between B.B.A LLB and B.A LLB? Which one is better?
Will the general caste people get united and start a movement against caste based reservation till 2018?
If I took baking soda earlier and smoke a little more crystal meth and then took baking soda again would my drug test come out clean?
What's the most annoying and unnecessary character in Dilwale and why?
How is the entrepreneurship scene in the Indian organic agriculture and foods sector? What are the successful examples?
What are the natural lakes in Texas and why are there so few of them?
Let's say I have a million dollar idea. How can I find and approach any company which will patent this idea and also give me some credit?
Why is Wisconsin considered a swing state and how is it important to the elections?
What is a spud barges and what are they used for?
How do I solve a k-map that has 5 inputs and 3 outputs? Do I just have to draw a seperate kmap for each of the three outputs and then add the together?
Is there a way to automatically input ACES and PIES data into my product info on eBay or Amazon?
If life is a 5 card deck of hand, would you throw your hand in, and if so, whose hand would you pick?
I recently sent a message on WhatsApp to a friend. However the last seen was 2pm and my message had double blue ticks at 4 pm when the last seen still remained the same. Why is this?
How far back in time can a proper English speaker travel and still be able to communicate without using any non-English words, or any other language?
What is a book(s) for chemistry which starts from the basics and helps to prepare for JEE advanced? And how is the OP Tandon series?
I want an essay on Learning to listen and learning to thinkin about 700 words.Can someone help me?
Is a question in Quora limited to 150 [text] characters and question details to 300 characters?
What is a DC shunt motor and its advantage and disadvantage?
Do you believe branding is an analysis and decision making process or essentially an exercise of expression and communication, mostly related to creativity?
My wife is suffering from Paranoid Schizophrenia and she is possessive. How can I help her to come out of this situation?
I have around 800 screenshots of resolution (320x480) in a folder. I want to cut out top 25 pixels from each of them and make them of resolution (320x455). How can I do this using a Photoshop script or any other automated procedure?
What are the genres and themes of \"The Merchant of Venice\"?
What is the difference between NIMZ and SEZ in the manufacturing policy of India?
Where can I get very convenient and reliable skip bin hire services in Australia?
Where can I buy all types of commercial and domestic mats in Sydney?
What is a suitable inpatient drug and alcohol rehab center in Henry County IL?
If I know JSP+STRUTS+HIBERNATE+JDBC+HTML5+CSS and JAPANESE language then what kind of jobs can I expect in Japan?
This is a question for both males and females: how is it to lose your virginity?
What is a suitable inpatient drug and alcohol rehab center in Nevada County AR?
After I learn HTML, CSS and Javascript what should I learn?
In Harry Potter, what's the Dark Mark and what does it signify?
Why are 100 feet road and 80 feet road in Bangalore called so?
Do you learn Cucumber and RSpec at General Assembly's WDI program?
What does 'obstinacy' mean and how is it used in a sentence?
What is the relationship between velocity, pressure and area in fluid dynamics ? If area increases, will the velocity increase or decrease?
What effects will trade sanctions imposed on and by Russia have on the U.S. economy?
How do I identify and differentiate a Ghazal and a Hindi Kavita (poem)?
My son is a 27 year old agoraphobic. Refuses treatment and doesn't work, I don't have the heart to kick him out, what should I do?
If only you knew a zombie apocalypse were coming in an hour and you only had  dollar 10 to spend in the dollar store, what would you buy?
What are some amazing facts about having birth number 15 and destiny number 7 in numerology?
What are the differences between lacrosse and field hockey? What are their similarities?
How can I improve my writing? I have started writing articles and I want to write with more authenticity. What can I do?
How is Bolivia's geographical location unique in the region, and how does its geography compare to that of other countries?
What is your favourite Beatles song and why do you like it?
Ideal voltemeter connected across terminal A and B having constant current 16 A n resistor 4 ohm and 12 ohm are in parallel?
What are common symptoms of borderline personality disorder and is it better or worse to get a diagnosis?
Has anyone read this book, The Legend of Sergius Bahira: Eastern Christian Apologetics and Apocalyptic in Response to Islam\u2019, By Barbara Roggema
F.R.I.E.N.D.S or The Big Bang Theory: Which one is more comical and why? Also which is the one that can be watched with family.
What are the most interesting products and innovations that Liberty Broadband is coming out with in 2016?
Why is Rahul Gandhi called Pappu and not Banti, Bablu, Tinku or Sonu?
What are the major stereotypes people have about Jordan and to what extent are they true?
What are the similarity and difference between learning a language and learning math?
What is so difficult in producing nuclear-capable jets & warships that it takes so much effort and time for countries to manufacture them (even ones that have non-nuclear missile-enabled jets & warships)?
What do I do with my life if I love school and learning, but hate work?
In United States politics, are neoliberalism and neoconservatism mostly overlapping categories, so that many people are both at once?
What is the difference between scripting language (Bash/Python) and usual programming language (C/C++)?
What are the environmental impacts of the tourism industry and how does it negatively impacted Paris?
Under what circumstance would a pressure cooker explode, and what kind of damage would it do?
I'm doing research on \" data mining on sensor data \" and i need large dataset collected from sensors. is there any data repositories where i can get it for free?
What are the strongest majors in terms of job prospects and what are the weakest majors at the University of Central Missouri?
How will the recent move to declare 500 and 1000 denomination notes illegal will curb black money?
What would happen if two sociopaths met? What would happen if a sociopath and a psychopath met? And finally, what would happen if two psychopaths met?
How can I reduce my hips and tummy in less than a week?
Doesn't it seem suspicious that God didn't want Adam and Eve to eat from the tree of knowledge? Why would he want people to be ignorant?
What is the purpose behind the 22nd amendment of the American Constitution, and how does it differ from the 9th amendment?
Where on the internet can I see Indie movies and documentaries? Because of lack of popularity they are not easily available.
Assuming a Shark could help me grow my business, what is the value of my company and how much equity would I offer for assistance?
I was judicial expertized as schizophrenia in 2014.9, and I am involved in court suits now, what should I do?
How can the difference between employee relations and industrial relations be explained with examples?
What will happen if Donald trump wins, and its effect on Indian students who are studying in US?
What is the most unhealthy and delicious thing you have ever eaten?
What is the weather in Orlando like on June, and how does it differ from the weather in February?
I am a final year mech engg student with 2 current backlogs, and who wants to apply for Fall\u201917. I need to send the transcripts and draft SOP.How?
What is the crime rate in the Borough of Ealing and how does it compare to Bromley?
What does Bangladesh want to show with those cheap advertisements and banners showing half-bald Indian team players? Where is the sport spirit?
What is the meaning of active low and active high in digital circuits and logic design?
What would happen if someone got deadly carbon monoxide poisoning and then his dead body was instantly teleported into a magical box, where no chemical reactions can take place?
Is theft at the threat of kidnapping and death acceptable? What if that money went to education and medicine for those who couldn't afford it?
My fiance' comes from a royal family. He's  6 years younger than me. We love each other so much, and we have been in a relationship for 3 years now. We want to get married, but his father doesn't approve of our relationship. What can we do to get his father to accept me?
What is the difference between VB.NET and C#? And Why does Microsoft have two languages?
What is the difference between being a \"man\" and being a \"boy\"? (from dating perspective)
What are the best things to read to understand the impartial arguments for and against the UK leaving the European Union (Brexit)?
How much does the Indian government have to pay to the World Bank and IMF each year as interest on the loans India has taken?
What is the cost of a LTE Base station (eNodeB) for macro cell and what is the cost of a Amplify and Forward (AF) Relay used in the cellular network ? Please  mention the name of manufacturer and model of equipment also along with the cost... Equipments of any manufacturer (Nokia Siemens Networks or Ericsson or Huawei or ZTE or Alcatel Lucent) is ok...
What do you pay monthly subscriptions for and how much does it cost?
How do you prove that I am not the only person in the Matrix and everyone else is just a computer program?
What is the difference between the IES batch and the GATE batch at the ACE Academy Hyderabad?
Which Indian state has the best food taste wise and a variety that is light on the stomach?
What mobile operator provides a fancy mobile and my own choice number at a cheap price?
Can I do a beautiful and modern graphic interface in Java?
How does Demonetisation of 1000 and 500 rupees notes affect real estate industry?
Will being a virgin turn her off? Im 23 and she is 25 and far more experienced and confident
My son has decided to discontinue 12std to pursue his internationally recognized and funded mobile innovation, should we support him?
Have the British ever apologized officially to China over the injustice and humiliation that happened during the Opium War?
What do you know about similarities and differences between realism and pragmatism?
Why do some TV ads run forever, while most come and go in weeks or months? What does it signify about the ads?
How can I be the best parent and role model for my kid?
What is the one thing that you did or said and immediately regretted?
How are the rates calculated for unemployment benefits in Maryland and how is the process different in Vermont?
Which one should I go for National University Galway, Ireland (MS Software Design and Development) or Dublin City University (MSc in Computing)?
What does the term Ivy League School connote, and how does Harvard's academic program compare to Dartmouth's?
What is the difference between China and your country in sending gifts?
What is the most developed state and the most underdeveloped state of India?
I've had unprotected sex. he said he had a vasectomy done and came inside of me. My period came two weeks after, normal heavy flow. Is there a chance?
I've got wounds in my tongue and some under my lips. What should I do?
My joints are quite weak. I hear a crack and pop in my joints like my elbows, fingers, wrist, and neck. after they pop I feel pain. How can I fix it?
Barack Obama may not be such a great president, but do you think that his speeches and his positive attitude is a role model for all children?
Which is a good inpatient drug and alcohol rehab center near Jasper County IN?
What are the environmental impacts of the tourism industry and how does it negatively impacted Rome?
I hurt my finger while playing football. It been around 1 month and still my finger has not healed completely. What might have happened?
What is the difference between the oxidation number of an atom in a compound and the formal charge on an atom in a compound? Why are they defined differently and how do they each compare with the actual charge on the atom?
I am currently studying at one of the old IITs and want to be a teacher. What should I do after my B.Tech?
I live in a town that's 70 percent black and I'm white. Is it bad that I feel out of place?
What is Balaji Viswanathan's view on 500 and 1000 rupee ban? How can this bring back black money invested in gold and foreign assets?
How many Amazon packages are delivered per day, and what percentages of the total are delivered domestically in the US and internationally?
What is the worst, most disgusting and gross fan fiction ever written?
Should half court basketball, 3v3, 2v2, 1 on 1, and 3 point shooting be added to the Olympics?
I have good theoretical knowledge of c and c++, can I become a coder in 5 days?
What is the best web and mobile app to track activities, set goals, and acquire habits each day?
What are some of the unknown and interesting facts buried in Tamil history?
What are the most interesting products and innovations that Starwood Hotels & Resorts is coming out with in 2016?
Describe a time when you anticipated potential problems and developed preventive measures?
Why has Narendra Modi made  rupee 500 and  rupee 1000 notes invalid?
How can I hack someone's whatsapp account and change their wallpaper on my phone?
What can be a good attempt and score to clear IBPS PO V prelim for GEN?
How can I study for 6+ hours a day without getting depressed and I am also working 9 hours in office and how can I make myself get used to it?
Are there any swimming pools near the Whitefields, Madhapur, Kothaguda, and Kondapur areas? What are the contact numbers, addresses and charges for them?
What is your goal in life and what are you doing to achieve it?
Where is Mount Villarica located and how does its eruptive history compare to Mount Sakurajima?
Which books should I read that will make me smarter and give me a better understanding of the world?
My company does not provide provident fund (PF) and payslips to employees. Is it legal?
Is there an inpatient Drug and Alcohol Rehab Center in Yuba County California?
Jesus taught love & acceptance, so why do evangelical christians contradict that basic concept and try to convert everyone into their specific faith?
Getting bored of Facebook and Twitter what to should I do?
How Java use capital and small letter in method or class name?
What are the strongest majors in terms of job prospects and what are the weakest majors at Ohio Wesleyan University?
Is this the correct way to implement a stack using an arrayList and a queue as an arrayList in Java?
What is the CBSE structure of streams and subjects for class 11th?
I found an Instagram page that is selling the iPhone 6 for  dollar 300 and is accepting PayPal. Is this a scam? How can I get scammed in this situation?
I have run two half marathons, clocking a time of nearly 1-hour and 50 minutes in both. I am a regular runner and I am capable of running 14 km in under an hour and 2.5 km in under 10 minutes. If I were to get myself prepared for a full marathon, what would be the best method?
What happens after I view someone's LinkedIn profile and then block them? Will they still see me in their who viewed my profile after I block them?
What is difference between rotation and bending moment of the beam?
What's the difference between the Republican Party and the Democratic Party (US)?
My therapist invited me over, hit on me and made me feel very uncomfortable. What do I do?
I am an ECE 3rd year student. I have done many projects relating to embedded electronics but I don't think it's my passion. For the past 4 months I've been doing coding in C++ and I find it good but placements are starting 3 months from now. What would be the best for me? What better things can I do?
What is the difference between an atheist and a real black atheist?
What will be the effect on the Indian economy if all the 500 and 1000 rupees notes are not exchanged by December 31, 2016?
Why was Newport State Airport in Rhode Island built, and how does the number of daily flights received by it compare to HIA?
Why weren't the Sassanians able to hold onto Egypt and Syria like the Arabs did decades later?
What is SSB interview and what is silent key to check SSB for?
I wrote a letter, asking for donations from companies and philanthropist to help pay off  dollar 100,000 private student loan debt. Where should I send it?
I have ideas to improve daily use products in terms of design and also add value to them, how can I earn with those ideas?
Is there a cultural reason young characters in anime and manga often live without much adult supervision, which is rarely commented upon in-story?
Christians, when a grieving son wants to bury his father, and Jesus says, \"Let the dead bury the dead,\" doesn't violate 1 of the 10 commandments?
Which is a good inpatient drug and alcohol rehab center in Woodford County IL?
I am beginning my research in the field of IoT. I can not use any hardware resources and have to work only using simulators. How should I proceed?
What are the most interesting products and innovations that Agilent Technologies is coming out with in 2016?
Let x assumes the value 0,1,2 and 3 with respective probabilities 0.51, 0.38, 0.10 and 0.01 the variance of distribution is?
Who would win a fight between Jose Aldo and Khabib nurmagomedov?
What does it mean if a dog is panting and shaking? How do you care for it?
In the history of genders, women have wanted to be attractive, and men have wanted to be strong. Is this still true or have things changed?
What is the city of Atlanta's nickname and why was it given this name?
What is the difference between \"International\" and \" Multinational \" company?
What are the pros and cons of buying SoundCloud plays and followers to promote music online?
How deep is the dark web and how dark is the deep web?
How are amino acids synthesized and taken up by cells for the synthesis of proteins?
What is the climate of California's coastal regions, and how does it compare to the climate in Indiana?
What should you do if you just had a business idea and want to be an entrepreneur?
Are the Australian Aborignals dark because the lived in Asia and Africa before they arrived to Australia?
What are the strongest majors in terms of job prospects and what are the weakest majors at Pensacola State College?
Why is it so difficult to find a reliable and complete IQ test on-line? And if anyone knows about one, please inform me!
What is the order of Young's modulus for low, high and medium carbon steel (with explanation)?
What is a good inpatient drug and alcohol rehab center near Hillsborough County FL?
What is the name of Ram Chandra series 2 and when it is going to be released?
My boyfriend hangs out with girls who are into him. He knows that and says he's 'just cool' with them. Am I paranoid if I don't like this?
Peace: What is the most pressing issue on peace and security field for youth to resolve right now?
My husband likes to masturbate more then we have sex and I feel like he's more into his hands than our sex life. I have a high sex drive and he does not but he masturbates everyday. It's infuriating. How do I deal with this? Am I being unreasonable?
I just started you tube about 4 months ago. I have \u00a3800 to spend and i need something that can render, wont overheat, don\u2019t care about noise any ideas
Can India become a electronic superpower and high-income country to reduce birth and death rates?
I currently have taken 100 credit hours in college and have a 3.47. What kind of grades/GPA will I have to achieve 3.5 in my last 30 hours of college?
How do you know if you're in love with someone and might only be denying the fact to yourself?
How do I enter a WhatsApp group and be invisible to other group members?
What is a good inpatient drug and alcohol rehab center near Effingham County GA?
Do we really need feminism for the upliftment and empowerment of women belonging to the lower strata of the Indian society?
How does the Indian Constitution deal with the separation of powers between the three branches (ie Executive, Judiciary and the Legislature)?  How does this differ from the US Constitution?
I started playing squash a few months back. I loved the sport and a thought hit me that I should take up this sport at a professional level. My age is 25. Is it possible for me to turn into a pro and represent my country at the highest level if I get started now or is it too late?
If a modern person; went back a couple million years, and met an early man, what would they think of you?
What do I do if I'm a 20-year-old UG IT student in my third year, and I don't really like the IT field now?
I am an American (USA) freelancer doing writing work and photography online. How can I issue an invoice to get paid by a company based in the UK?
I want to make an app like Quora. An Android question and answer app. What do I need to do?
What is a list of the subfields of psychology and what are their distinctions?
Why cos (-150) is equal to +cos(150) and not equal to -cos(150)?
We have been fighting since 2 days and he told me I'm making it tough.I told him I won't message him and he agreedDo you think he would message again?
Who are Gap Inc.'s biggest competitors and how do they match up?
My girlfriend broke up with me, she wants to remain friends and talk. Should I not text her or initiate any contact anymore?
What are the pros and cons of flat feet in babies?
What are the most common traffic convictions in Arkansas, and how does the severity of the convictions differ in Louisiana?
What's the difference between a 18-55mm and a 55-200mm lens for a Nikon D3300?
How can I use Omegle on my iPod Touch and how is it compared to using Jizzroulette?
How should I prepare for IAS? Which books and online sources should I refer for its preparation?
If a woman is drunk and gives consent for sex, is that rape?
Is a part time MBA from FMS, Delhi University really useful, and how does it compare with part time/executive MBAs of other institutes?
What can cause a thick, white and creamy discharge during pregnancy?
What is Gordon's Theory Of Everything and how does it compare to other Theories of Everything?
What is the best budget hotels in Shirdi for accommodation of me and my friends in this coming New Year eve?
What are some unusual aspects about politics and government in Malaysia?
What are some of the pros and cons of a Hillary Clinton presidency?
What are the legal and technical differences between a non-resident-Indian (NRI) and a person of Indian origin (PIO) and an Overseas Citizen of India (OCI) ?
What is average time to do MS and PhD in turkey? In field of engineering
What do the Tropic of Capricorn and the Tropic of Cancer represent?
What are the living conditions in Rockville, Maryland and how does it compare to Laytonsville?
Why do people (even some family members) when they're angry with me, lash out and say I'm arrogant or I think I am better than everyone?
Why do hostas turn yellow and how can I prevent this?
Why is there so much of pay disparity between government and private employees here in India?
I am doing a B.tech from NIT Jaipur. I am getting an offer in Oracle-OFSS but its package is 5.5 lpa only and I wanna wait for the Samsung SRIB, but this year rumours are that it is going to IITS only, so should I accept this offer or wait for SRIB?
Android (operating system): How can I solve \"Unfortunately System UI has stopped\" and \"Unfortunately Gallery has stopped\" messages on a Samsung S4 after I upgraded from Android 4.4.2 to 5.0.1?
I am 13 years weighing 45 kg and 159 cm how much should I squat, lift and pull weights?
What is a suitable inpatient drug and alcohol rehab center near Kankakee County IL?
What are the qualities of psychopath and sociopath? How to tell their differences?
What are some of the must-know IPC and CrPC sections for an Indian citizen?
What is the greatest number that will divide 43, 91 and 183 so as to leave the same remainder in each case?
What would be the advantages and disadvantages of having one world language?
If I got b1for maths and science a1 for English and it and a2 in sst and c1 in l2 can I still get a 10cgpa?
What is your opinion about developing an app which supports all Institutions and NGOs charity? And make donating easily?
Can the people of Delhi testify about AAP and its work? How is it different from previous governments?
If you strongly suspected that someone you care about has Borderline Personality Disorder, and that they are not aware of it, should you tell them of your suspicion?
What are some of the advantages and disadvantages of cyber school?
Can a 13-year-old find interesting in Philosophy, Psychology and Politics? What should I read or watch ?
What would happen if the earth stopped spinning suddenly for 10 seconds and then sped up instantly to full speed?
Can somebody recommend a YouTuber who plays games and doesn't scream or overreact for no reason?
What are the best Informatica certifications and how should one prepare for those?
Is it possible to find numerator from fixed quotient and range of numbers as denominators? I.e if quotient is 0.87, denominator range 12-15
How many users actually click on 'post to Facebook' and 'post to twitter'? And is this behavior more or less frequent than simple URL copy-paste?
Is it OK to cook vegetables (gravy) and dal for a whole week on Sunday and then put them in the fridge and eat one every day?
What percent of programmers are 10x and what percent are 1x?
What are Googles data modelling and analysis tools similar to Power Pivot and DAX?
How can a person balance both work and family? Is it necessary for one to sacrifice one goal for another?
What was the relationship between the Borgias and the Medici? Were they enemies?
How do I pass a long weekend in Jaipur when I have no friends in the city and most of the places have been already covered?
Is there an inpatient Drug and Alcohol Rehab Center in Alameda County California?
Is there any online website providing lessons and exercises for Hindi to English Translation?
How should I start importing products from China and selling them on Amazon.CA?
Why is skipping breakfast a bad idea and how can it affect me?
What law or medical condition would make it 'ok' for doctors and medical providers to communicate/discuss a patient without the patients knowledge?
How do students of IIIT Allahabad and IIIT Hyderabad prepare for competitive coding?
Is it correct that the word \u201cAassi\u201d, name of river emanating in Lebanon and the word\u201dMarada\u201d, have the same meaning:\u201cRebel\u201d?
You are playing a board game in which every turn, you roll 2 dice. However, you cannot begin until you roll doubles (the same number on both dice). If you do not roll doubles, you lose the turn, and must try again next turn. How many turns do you lose until you finally get the doubles you need to start?
Why did Buddhism spread in East Asia and not in its native land India?
What is the difference between \"must\" and \"have to\" in English?
What is the difference between \"Electrical and Computer Engineering\" and \"Computer Science and Engineering\"?
I am going to be applying to law school soon with a 3.6 GPA and 168 LSAT. But, I am 21 years old. Will that affect my candidacy?
How can I use Omegle on my iPod Touch and how is it compared to using Alt.com?
How do I determine the thickness for a concrete slab? How does thickness affect deflection and what is the formula used for calculating deflection?
On WhatsApp, from this morning I am getting double blue ticks and only for some chats. What is an explanation?
What is Alternating Regression and how is it used for Canonical Correlation Analysis?
MyDad has a low sugar level of 68mg/dLHe has started acting completely differently and has psychologically changed.He does remain depressed wht to do?
I started my new job yesterday and already feel like quitting. What should I do?
Why did the Eurpoean in the early 1900s and late 1800s put the Australian aboriginals in chains?
If an object has more mass, then its pull on earth would be greater than an object with less mass, and therefore should fall to earth faster. Why do objects of different mass fall to earth at the same speed?
Why does VLC Media Player display subtitles in Italics in Windows 8 and 8.1? Is there any way to change the behavior?
I have currently finished my second year of engineering in India and I got a CGPA of 7.8 for 2 years. If I get a good GRE score, can I make it into Georgia Tech University?
As a Tamil-speaking Indian, I am ashamed to see people and even big people falling on the feet of corrupt leaders. Why are they not ashamed?
I have a passionate interest in Germany's Third Reich and a distaste for anything about the American Civil War. Has anyone experienced anything like this?
How do I defend transgender people when I am having a discussion with someone and they call transgender people mentally ill?
What is the difference between Exynos 5433 and Snapdragon 805? Which is faster in Samsung Galaxy Note 4?
Why is Tinder so slow, crashes a lot and why does it gets logged out so often?
What is the difference between Nobles, Subadar and Mansabdar in Mughal empire?
If Ramayana and Mahabharath are real events, can Rama and Krishna's lineage be traced?
I have a senior project to do. We're asked to come up with practical topics that can be experimented on and that have an actual application for the benefit of the society. What are some good topics for this?
If I have money invested through a financial startup (Betterment, Wealthfront, Robinhood etc.) and the company shuts down, what happens to my money?
Why is Pok\u00e9mon Ranger and the Temple of the Sea problematic?
To what extent do we control our own life and how much of it is up to fate? If we can't control our life, who or what does?
Can I get an annulment after being married for seven months since my husband abandoned his wife and kids and has two babies on the way by two different women?
I want to be someone whose research will help time travel and far distance travel to other galaxies possible one day. what is the path you recommend?
How can I be a good brother (20 yrs) for my younger sister (18 yrs)? She has no sister and and its hard for someone like me to understand her
What are the benefits and side effects of drinking green tea?
How can the drive from Edmonton to Auckland be described, and how do these cities' attractions compare to those in Toronto?
What happens if I run 2 hours in the morning, lift 1 hour in the afternoon, and bike 2 hours in the evening every day for 2-4 weeks?
What do you think about subtitles for deaf and hard of hearing for cinema?
What are citations of evidence of Akan and Yoruba influence in pre-revolutionary Haiti?
How do I handle a verbal fight in the work place (it just happened), knowing this person will mark me as an \"enemy\" and I will probably meet this person in the same \"work community\" later?
What is pay for deck cadets in maersk and what is the waiting time and how is the food onboard? \u263a?
Who are the Syriac people and what is their empire called?
What are the best apps that allow you to organize and share your photo collection?
What is the future of a start-up based on home repair and maintenance services like Housejoy, Mr. Right or The Rectifiers in India?
I want to learn coding, from where and how should I start?
I am 15 (nearly 16) years old and I have a small penis. It is under average both flaccid and erect. What can I do to make my penis bigger?
What is your opinion about the ban upon torrent sites in India and the rule of \"3 years of jail\" that came along with the ban?
What do you think of George Caffentzis' book \u2018Clipped Coins, Abused Words and Civil Government: John Locke's Philosophy of Money\u2019?
How can one remain financially and professionally stable in the future?
What is the difference between working hard, and working smart? How can you apply them together to get into an Ivy medical school?
Where Can I Learn to Use Clearquest, Clearcase and Doors Skills for a Qa Tester?
Where you can hire the best PHP, ASP .NET and mobile apps developer at low cost?
How do hostels in Europe work, and how do they compare to hostels in America?
What is the scope for electrical and electronics engineering in India?
What stack do you use for marketing and sales in your B2B startup?
How do we interpret the significance level and p-value under the concept of null hypothesis?
What are the advantages and disadvantages of analog communication and digital communication?
How do I react in a positive manner when people around me judge and give me respect only when I achieve something?
I'm looking for ways/methods to automate the process of moving web signups and users from nurture to conversion. My company is on a limited budget and we can't integrate large products like HubSpot. Does anyone have any recommendations to pull data from our CMS and automate an email workflow?
What are some simple Mediterranean snacks and dishes that are easy for a college student to make?
What do the Libertarians and the Pirate Party members think of each other?
How do I get over my first and the only love?
Is true that there was an agreement between the Third Reich and the UK to not bomb the universities outside London, Munich and Berlin?
Are you allowed to choose your own regiment and battalion before passing out from IMA, Dheradun?
What's the foul smell between mahim and matunga station on western line?
Why are media outlets including CBS and MSNBC not covering the Wikileaks email dump regarding the DNC?
What will help get rid of puffiness and dark circles under my eyes?
I applied for a student dependant visa to Australia and got rejected, what can I do?
How well-aligned, in general, are the interests of Wall Street and the American military-industrial complex?
What facts about directional drilling must I know inside and out for an interview in that industry?
What does a back and forth conversation between an investor and a guy with a working app look like?
What database (simple to implement and maintain) is recommended for C++ application?
Why are hyenas always used as a funny, wicked and lazy character in cartoons?
My father had 45 and no job, how Can I help him?
What is the main difference between a disconnector and a circuit breaker for: a) The intended function? B) Fault current breaking?
Does mixing honey with hot liquid (tea and milk) reduce its health benefits and even become toxic?
What are the strongest majors in terms of job prospects and what are the weakest majors at the University of Hawaii at Manoa?
What is the difference between sample standard deviation and population standard deviation?
If a man didn't knew that he was drinking a glass full of drugs and later \"accidentally\" kills a man, who is really guilty for it?
What's the best food and snacks to eat to lose body fat.?
What is the difference between motion and movement? Is they are the same?
What is it like to visit the Disneyland parks in the US and how does it differ from the ones in China?
What is difference between ITIS and ITES? How will it be in TCS ITIS?
Is it possible that everyone else is just an imitation of consciousness, and I am the only real conscious being in existence? What would this imply?
Is there any possibility that Eddie Thawne is alive and will become a super villain in the future Flash series?
Why is the Indian media silent on role of Christian missionaries and Muslims like Zakir Naik and only questioning Ghar Wapsi, although Christians and Muslims are doing more harm to India than Hindu groups?
Particle Physics: Would confirmation of the existence of axions put the DM (dark matter) question to rest once and for all or would it only be a partial answer to the question of DM makeup in the universe?
What methods could use companies, managing social networks, to efficiently and consciously influence desired outcomes of the Presidential Election?
What is the difference between parliamentary and presidential form of government?
How do strong entity and weak entity sets differ in DBMS?
Is there a difference between native mini displayport and just mini displayport on Macbook air?
What is the difference between macroeconomics and microeconomics if we consider all the technicalities related to ecnomics.?
What was your first CodeChef long challenge experience? How many problems are you able to do and what did you feel about the contest? How do you deal with the problems which we couldn't solve since there will be no problem tags during a live contest to search for?
What does it mean if someone reads and doesn't respond to a text?
Why is Rick Riordan writing The Trials of Apollo and The Magnus Chase series at the same time?
What would be the best way to reduce housing and rent prices in Beijing without hurting people economically?
Why are one-rupee notes issued by the Ministry of Finance and not by the Reserve Bank of India?
Why has Microsoft removed the Windows form application template from Visual Studio (in C++) 2012, and why can't I find any big reaction about it on the Internet?
Are there freshwater puffer fish and are they poisonous as well?
With average academics (all in 70s) and total work experience of 4 years in Deloitte and Adobe, what GMAT score should I be targeting to get into ISB?
Which app/mobile service provides reasonable and good quality international call services from India to foreign countries?
Why do the U.S. and Australia atheletes legally and systematically take dopes to get medals in Olympics and other Games?
Has anyone ever died and came back seeing the other side or not?
Does FMS and XLRI consider work experience and 10,12 percentages as a criteria for admission?
What is the long-standing grudge within China and Japan? How did it start?
What are plate tectonics and how do they affect the surface of the Earth?
Ric and Ana agreed to meet at  at  8 Pm. Who turned up first and how long other have to wait ?
How do I defeat my alarm clock and the snooze button?
How should I prepare for p-block in boards, and what are the very important subtopics?
Dmt, does it simulate death and what are your dmt experiences?
Should I upgrade my iPhone 5s to an iPhone 7, and if so, should I go iPhone 7 or iPhone 7Plus?
What are the tradeoffs between thermocouples and fiber optic temperature monitors?
What would happen if all the insects and bees die out except honey bees?
What is a transistor, how does it work, and how can it be used as an amplifier or switch?
Why don't we make an exception for the fundamental theorem of arithmetic that 1 is prime (divisible by 1 and itself) and tell that there are 2 unique sets of primes that we can be use to represent a composite number, for example: 6 = 2 *3 == 6=2*3*1?
I was told that George Bush etc. was responsible for 9/11 and Iraq and Saddam Hussein, and he's a personal friend of the Saudi Royal Family?
Which is a good inpatient drug and alcohol rehab center near Mitchell County IA?
I will be finishing my PhD in Life Sciences from India and have got option for PhD in Germany but not Postdoc. Are two PhDs advisable?
I just recently started therapy at my university and need to talk about painful past experiences (Child abuse)?
Is the existence of dark matter and dark energy confirmed or just theoretical?
How and why do jellyfish change colors, and which kind does so?
Who makes more in a shift at a Bar and Grill, the cook or the bartender?
How is Hillary Clinton\u2019s health, and will it affect the Democratic Party and the US Presidential elections?
What are the advantages and disadvantages of joining TCS as a fresher.?
My son is 11 years old and is 165 pounds. Is that healthy?
What will be the effect of the ban of 500 and 1000 rupee notes be on the stock market?
Why are Quora moderators deleting all factual comments and keep their own false comments in Quora?
Imagine you have the power, intelligence and personality of agent 47. What will the advantage and disadvantage be?
How do startup founders manage the authority and levels of control of their business if they take money from angel investors or VCs?
What is a consecutive calendar day and how is it related with the Revised Julian calendar?
Will an India purchased LED TV work as is in the USA? It has a voltage range of 100-240V and has 2 HDMI ports. What else needs to be considered?
Why is it that some days I feel pretty and other days I feel bleh?
Has the influence of Ancient Carthage in science, math, and society been underestimated?
What type of anemia causes reduced hemoglobin levels and normal hematocrit? How is it treated?
How do we make a distinction between porn stars and prostitutes, are they both the same or different? Do they deserve respect in society or not?
Is the sentence \u201c Five minutes ago, she told him to lay down on the floor and bark like a dog. \u201d grammatically correct?
What were the major contributions of the political leaders during WW1, and how are the compared to the ones during the Franco-Prussian War?
Do I need to reverse first and last names for Chinese people?
What is the difference between the parametric model and the non-parametric model in cad?
When will the construction of Delhi Metro Phase-4 starts and what all clearances remaining?
How do I read faster and comprehend better at the same time?
What should we do to build and develop a personal brand?
Adult Question: Suppose two men ejaculate in a woman\u2019s vagina at the same time and she becomes pregnant.Which of the two could turn out to be the father of the child?
Why do I experience muscle spasms in my neck and jaw especially when I stretch out or yawn?
If you dug a hole through the earth, and came out the other side what would happen?
Where can I found most professional and friendly photo booth services in Sydney?
Why is it legal to give discount to new customers only and not apply the same to existing customers?
Myntra closed my account and withheld my refund amount. What do i do?
What are the best college for BHM and BBA in Darjeeling?
Do you prefer a hot or cute girlfriend, and why is that your choice?
What are the differences in the general management and consulting profiles offered after an MBA?
Does the Indian Penal Code allow me to sue my husband and the woman he is cheating on me with?
Why does Udacity focus on Python for data analysis and machine learning instead of R?
What if life is a dream and when we die we wake up?
Is it possable to splice human DNA with an animal of some kind and birth some living hybrid creature?
What is the deepest lake in Europe, and how does this lake's flora and fauna compare to that of Lake Vostok?
Can I create a social venture registering a company in any country and then offer my online services globally to any country? No physical product sold
What are the best thing and the worst thing you ever did in your life?
Why don't we load the earths trash on earth and launch it into space or toward the sun?
What is the most common full time job and what is the most common part time job?
What are the strongest majors in terms of job prospects and what are the weakest majors at Butler University?
Do aliens exist? And why has Area 51 of Russia and the US's NASA agencies come under doubt of having their contact with aliens?
I have tried many creams and ointments, both perscribed and not, along with Apple cider and other treatments for eczema. Any suggestions?
What is the difference between BSF and Indian Army in terms of work, service and facilities?
What do you think about new 500 and 2000 rupees note?
Where does the water from the Great Lakes come from, and how does these lakes wildlife compare to lake Vanem?
What are the best apps that you have come across or used in terms of UI and ease of use on the three mobile platforms?
I am going to Hong Kong. What can I buy from there and sell in India to make profits?
Does 7 billion human population means we have more chances of going under mutation and evolve? What would the next evolved human being be like?
How many india-pakistan wars have been there and how many has the indian army won?
Why is Airbus outselling Boeing and India in the narrow body jetliner segment?
As most of us know, same cosmetic brands have absolutely different qualities for the domestic market and for the export markets. Where can I buy usual daily use, skin and hair care products online that are not manufactured in India?
What is the intuitive explanation of Learning to Rank and algorithms like RankNet, LambdaRank and LambdaMART?
Does drinking honey, lemon, and lukewarm water help in weight loss?
What are some examples of Filipino traditions and beliefs, and how do they compare and contrast to those of Hawaii?
What is a suitable inpatient drug and alcohol rehab center near Long County GA?
If we heat water, among hydrogen and oxygen which one is going to evaporated?
My boyfriend loves me but he wants to break up. He said he has many things to do in his life and he doesn't want me to hold on. Is he making excuses?
I am currently studying automata theory and I am highly keen to carry a project on it.How do I go about a project in this area and what are some good projects one can work on?
Which is a suitable inpatient drug and alcohol rehab center near Cass County IA?
Is there any significance to the time and location Bloodraven took Bran to before the Night\u2019s King killed him?
What are the advantages and disadvantages of dams to the society?
What is the difference between meninist and Feminist? Why aren't they just humanist?
Does international students with STEM degree and H1 B visa get affected with Donald Trump as President?
Can I still collect the payments till 30 December in cash and deposit those 500 and 1000 currency notes in my bank?
Are there any differences between normal cells and cancer cells when it comes to their chemical components?
How's best to differentiate between girls' and boys' names in Chinese?
Why are some injections given slowly and gently while others are done in a stabbing motion?
What are some good books on ancient and medieval Indian history?
Has consumer demand for 'social impact to be delivered through the marketplace' been assessed in a test market through the sale of products and services certified by a company-based certification that provides consumers with a means to engage in 'community building' through certified purchases?
My H1b visa is under Admin processing for about a year now, and there's has been no update so far. What options do I have?
Dentistry: My upper right Rear Molar (wisdom tooth) broke about 10 years ago. Only one small piece is left above the gum line. It has never caused any pain and is not loose. Since it has not caused any pain in 10 years, is it ok to not have it extracted?
What was the production of artwork intended for in Hawaii and how is it compared to the one intended for in Wyoming?
What were the major contributions of the political leaders during WW1, and how are the compared to the ones during the Boxer Rebellion?
How much damage to the environment and to people does fracking typically cause?
What is the sickest and most messed up thing about you?
What is your all-time favorite movie or book and why? What was it like the first time you read or watched it?
Who are the best publishers and self publishing houses in India?
What is the sole impact of Mars, Venus and Rahu conjunction in 1st house in Vedic astrology?
Why is Kanye West so massively popular and influential as a celebrity and pop cultural icon (2016)?
I am creating a startup now and am full-time. My engineers are part-time though, and our product has not yet reached viral traction. Should I look for funding?
Help ive been awake 23 hours and im wide awake what is happening?
We both really love each other but somewhere this is affecting my studies. I can't concentrate much and keep thinking about her. How do I maintain a balance between both without affecting the other?
What language did Adam and Eve speak in the Garden of Eden?
How do some people manage to stay so fit and skinny even though they don't go to the gym?
Has anyone had any success with curing ADHD, and brain fog with vitamins or diet?
How are careers in chemistry changing and what's necessary to stay current?
What is the most impressive Inpatient Drug and Alcohol Rehab Center in Maricopa County Arizona?
When should I take the eLitmus test and how should I prepare for it?
Is drinking grape water mixed with lime and lemon water with garlic good for faster weight loss?
Where download 70-345 VCE dumps and 70-345 PDF dumps for free?
What are the worldwide sales of Pakistani/Indian Apparel \"Shalwar Kameez\" and \"Kurta\"? Is there any recent research or sales survey?
What are some of the best tricks and tips for Google Search?
Which will show a better inductive effect: SO3H, SO2H or SOH? - and please, why? I really struggle to understand -
For any job eligibility criteria is 60 percent and I have 59.80 percent. Can I apply for it?
Is it possible to add block quotes to comments and comment answers in Quora? How?
Have you sold a domain name and made a fortune from it?
If a guy says you seem cute and you're sweet, is he flirting?
Is it possible to code a desktop app that plugs on LinkedIn and sucks in the contact list, to be augmented withs tags and attributes locally?
What is the difference between debug and release mode in Visual Studio?
I feel inferior to people that have a higher education than me, and make more money than me. How can I deal with this inferiority complex?
What is the difference between a mountain and a volcano, or is a volcano technically a mountain?
Can I return back my property, that has been rented out to ministry of central excise and costume after termination of the agreement?
Where can you find the summary of the deals that banks like JP Morgan and Goldman Sachs carried out in previous years?
I love my girlfriend but she's out of my league and I'm scared of losing her. What should I do to make this feeling go away?
What is long term scheduler, short term scheduler and mid term term scheduler in OS?
Why do so many Democrats cling to the fiction that Russia and Vladimir Putin had ANYTHING to do with Hillary Clinton's loss?
My device is facing the error \"Internal Server Error - The server encountered error or misconfiguration and was...\" during importing XML file on WordPress. How can I fix this error?
When I start copying some big file in my pen drive initially it gives 89-90mbps and then speed drops to 6-7 mbps. The same things happens when i restart the process. Whats the reason for this speed variation?
Attractive men: Is long hair on men a sign of fertility, beauty and health in the same way it's for women?
Is there an international time unit in space? How does the ISS astronauts and and or colonist on Mars keep a reference of time?
How do I sleep only for 5 hours and still be energized throughout the day?
What kind of books did you enjoy in your childhood and what kind do you enjoy now?
What is the poorest country in Asia, and how does its death rate compare to the poorest country in Oceania?
How should I be silent and socially reserved in the society and on social networking sites?
Can I open an NRE and an NRO account in one bank?
Can one learn the foundations of advanced math by reading and mastering Euler's Elements of Algebra, Euclid's Elements, and Newton's Principia?
What is the label for economically left and socially right politics?
What is the best response when someone talks to you and you do not care to talk to that person?
What happened to love or true love? Nowadays, boyfriend and girlfriend has just become a need.
Who manufactures the lockers and hardware for Amazon Lockers and Buffer Box?
Is it legal to make prank videos and publish on YouTube?
Is it a coincidence that both Malaysian Airliners MH-370 and MH-17 had prominent personalties onboard?
What is the difference between HP laptops of the Pavilion series and the normal R series? Will there be any difference in speed & processing?
Why is the gap between the rich and the poor getting wider?
What are the strongest majors in terms of job prospects and what are the weakest majors at Princeton?
Is there any diffrence between white ball and red ball (test) in cricket?
Which is a suitable inpatient drug and alcohol rehab center in Ben Hill County GA?
Where can I learn calligraphy and penmanship in toronto? what about good how-to books?
How is the work culture and nature of job at NRSC, Hyderabad?
Can I learn programming but I am from commerce background and is it a good carrier in programming?
What are the most interesting products and innovations that Seneca Foods is coming out with in 2016?
What are some great cause and effect topics about global warming?
My employer has not paid taxes to the IRS for my most of wages, and did not give me a final paycheck when I was laid off. In 5 months of working, I have received only two official paychecks, and some cash advances. Can I sue for unpaid wages?
What are the strongest majors in terms of job prospects and what are the weakest majors at Eckerd College?
Why did human beings become more and more intelligent via evolution, but other animals didn't?
What can I do to keep myself awake and energized throughout the day?
What is the current salary of IES officer? What are the perks and facilities in railway Department?
Can an entire tattoo, outline and color, be done in one session?
Why are non-Muslim men marrying Muslim women and then converting to Islam?
Why is the left so racist and intolerant while constantly pretending not to be?
What's the difference between a check card and a debit or credit card?
What towns are located near the Kilauea, and how does this volcano's activity compare to the volcanoes in Canada?
If I currently make  dollar 15 an hour in California (min wage  dollar 10 an hour) and the minimum wage is raised to  dollar 15 an hour, is my work devalued?
I'm 18 years old. I used to masturbate regularly every day. Now, I have a girlfriend and my penis isn't that hard. What should I do to make my penis hard in 1 month or 2 weeks?
Suppose I have two different shafts with different input torque. I want to add them and supply into one output shaft. Which mechanism is suitable?
Why there is a parade on Republic Day and not in Independence Day?
What is the most speacial, incomparable and memorable thing anyone, ever did for you?
What are the different types of sedimentary rocks and how do their characteristics differ from each other?
California Institute of Technology: What do people in Ricketts House and people in Lloyd House think of each other?
If you are taking a break from your boyfriend/girlfriend and ya\u2019ll are still having sex, is it okay for him to have sex with other people?
Who was the inventor of the compound light microscope, and how did this invention impact science?
What are narrative conventions and how they used to write a story?
Why is it significantly harder to be a vegetarian in countries like Chile, Japan, and Russia compared with the U.S., despite these countries having a lower meat consumption than the U.S.?
How will technology companies that use and develop AI respond to the growing calls for transparency and ethical auditability of AI-based technologies?
What is the location of Palawan, and how does this Island compare to Tabuaeran?
The Google Cloud platform is quite different from AWS, and is also far less popular than AWS. Why doesn't it just copy the AWS services/model?
Is anyone about to uninstall Quora and stop using it? Why?
My bestfriend is serious with his girlfriend but the other night we both were drunk and he was coming onto me very strongly .What do I think of this?
What are some examples of love in \"Romeo and Juliet\" by William Shakespeare?
What is the difference between jazz and techno or instrumental remixes?
What is the climate of Port Blair, Andaman and Nicobar Island, India?
How do I get a job as data analyst and what courses should we learn?
I am a 25-year-old average looking girl. To the outer world, there is nothing that I should be stressed about. I have a loving family, decent group of friends, a nice job and enough money to live easily. Am I suffering from symptoms of depression? Should I see a doctor?
Have you ever met a great scientist in the world? Who, and what are your experiences with them?
How can one find out how much their current US employer healthcare plan would cost if they lost their job and wanted to buy the same/similar healthcare plan via the Obamacare healthcare marketplace?
Where's the best website for computer-related/tech questions, and can such Q's be asked on Quora? Where?
What does Hillary Clinton think about trade with China, Mexico, and other countries? Is the U.S. being treated unfairly? Should tariffs be levied?
Where can I get a compilation of innovative and highly successful marketing strategies of major companies?
What is the difference between personal troubles and public issues in sociology?
Is it true that in order to be part of an elite or just rich and successful, you have no choice but to join a secret organization?
What if India disobey WTO regulations and ban on Chinese imports?
How Do I get free gold and cash in basketball Stars?
Where did the Congress of Vienna meet and how did it lead to World War I?
Can taking whey protein after workouts and before bed increase natural HGH production?
How will I know which Mahadasha and Antardasha is good or bad?
Can you cook a chicken in a steam autoclave and how long would it take?
Who would win between hellspawn and superman in a battle to the death?
Why do birth control pills make your period lighter and help you get rid of hormonal acne?
Research is to see what everybody has seen and to think what nobody has thought, is this true?
How do you turn things like base metals, straw, leaves, rocks, dirt, and wood into gold, so that you can sell the gold?
How can I become a trader and manage other people money like Anurag Bhatia?
My Xiaomi Redmi 2 all of a sudden got heated up and then turned off. Now its not charging. What should I do?
What is Riemann zeta function and why is it a big deal?
What is the difference between a department store, a supermarket and a hypermarket, specifically in terms of the categories of retail they cover?
To what extent is the quote from La La Land, \"They worship everything and value nothing.\u201d true about Hollywood actors, LA, and contemporary Americans?
What is the best question and answer combination so far on Quora?
What is the reaction of chlorine with water to give HCl (hydrochloric acid) and HOCl (hypochlorous acid) called - hydration or hydrolysis?
A game involves flipping a fair coin, rolling a die, and then flipping the coin again to win...
I am planning to apply for Canada PR. I have a B.Com from Kakatiya University and MCA from Osmania University. Which transcripts of below list are required to be sent to WES for Education credential assessment?
Are there any parallels between the murder of Jon Snow and Julius Caesar? Who would be the Mark Antony?
For those with a diagnosed mental illness, if you could erase the illness and the experiences you've had with it from your life would you choose to do so?
What happens to matter at very high temperature in terms of physics and how much high temperature can be generated  ?
Is the Indian army well equipped and trained to combat terrorists in urban combat situations?
I have a deep fear of leaving my high school routine behind and the transition of going to college. The fear paralyzes me. Do I need help?
Which are the best Drug or Alcohol Rehab, Detox and Recovery Program Centers in the Fresno County California area?
If I don't declare my expenses, does that mean I will get 0 rs from my flexible benefit plan and my salary will be calculated only based on basic pay?
What is the advantages of mikrotik and why larg companies used it?
Which is a good inpatient drug and alcohol rehab center in Ringgold County IA?
\"85 percent of your financial success is due to your personality and ability to communicate, negotiate and lead. Shockingly, only 15 percent is due to technical knowledge.\" Is this quote from the Carnegie Institute of Technology true?
Does charging your iPhone using an iPad charger charge and discharge the battery quickly?
I am from a lower middle class family. I lost my job last month and facing severe financial problems. How do I over come this situation?
My straight best friend know that I'am gay, and he stay away from me, what shoud I do?
I am an electrical student. I'm interested in app designing and start a new Android app. But I don't have a basic idea of programming languages. What should I do?
How was your 2016 and how do you want to end the year?
As a US citizen, if you have overstayed your tourist visa in the Schengen Zone and you try to go directly to Cyprus (not Schengen), what will happen?
Looking for a family friendly and diverse community area to live in San Mateo. Any advice?
How are prop guns and blank guns used in TV shows and movies made from the real one?
Is the hololens going to be the next big thing, and will hologram domains be valuable?
What are the main differences between a bachelor's and a graduate degree in computer science in terms of career prospects?
Is it really possible to shed 10.5 kgs (23 pounds) and turn your fat into muscles within 10 weeks as mentioned by a famous Indian actor Hirthik Roshan?
If I visit someone's profile will it show up in the visited you and visitors section even after my account has been deleted on okcupid?
What research is going into the nature and origins of fetishes?
How can I make huge trouble for my boss and the company without getting fired?
What is a good inpatient drug and alcohol rehab center near White County IL?
I am 27 year old male and my height is 5.3 inch and weight is 46 kg, How can I gain weight?
What are some of the most popular software systems used by travel agents and tour operators/activity providers today to manage their inventory and pricing, as well as contracting and distribution?
IIMB is conducting CAT 2016 so what could be the difficulty level and need to pay very special attention to any particular section?
How many engineering colleges are there in India and how many students are enrolled in them?
I run a collective with 20 small businesses. Artist, Artisans and entrepreneurs. Where should I invest my marketing dollars?
I'm a 13-year old girl, 5 feet 4 inches, and I weigh 102.515 pounds. Is this healthy?
What is the difference between a titanium mesh and a hydroxy cement in bone shaping surgery?
How do I keep smoking and not let it affect my stamina?
At campus drive of Capgemini, they said results will be out in 3 days but it's been 5 days and no one from our batch got email. What should I do?
Why did Modi ban 500 and 1000 rupees notes and not 100 rupee notes?
Physics PhD's from Caltech, what are you doing and where are you working? Do you regret studying Physics?
I have a book named Mechanics of Materials by 'Gere and Timoshenko'. Do I need to purchase a copy of Strength of Material book also?
Are right-wingers aware that some policy decisions they propose makes them look foolish and makes them look like 'the-bad-guys' to left-wingers?
I am 19 years of age, playing for my college team, and I want to get into the Ranji Trophy. How can I get there?
How would the Star Trek captains (Kirk, Picard, Sisko, Janeway, and Archer) be evaluated as real-life commanding officers?
Where does the water from the Great Lakes come from, and how does these lakes wildlife compare to Lake Ladoga?
What is the difference between getch() and getchar() in c programming?
What is a perfect man and how do I become one?
Are the languages required on a passport English and the national ones of that country?
What is the best site to listen and download english songs?
Which are the best colleges offering BCS course in and around Mumbai? (12th Commerce + IP)
What would happen if India, Pakistan, and Bangladesh were to reconcile with each other and unite into a single Indian state?
Why did IIT Roorkee and IIT Guwahati conduct GATE 2009 and 2010 instead of IIT Madras?
From where did the nobility, monarchs and so forth arise - in the UK & Europe?
If \"Game of Thrones\" were to have cast from \"Breaking Bad\" and \"Prison Break\", who would you have play what role?
Which are some of the smartphones and laptops which can be customised?
If I spend a year working on my own seriously on an app and it generates the same revenue as a salary is it considered professional experience?
What are some examples of controls and constants in science experiments?
How long does it take to get a reply from JP Morgan, Goldman Sachs and Credit Suisse after you submit your application online?
How can I spy on Whatsapp messages and media without target phone?
I have 4 years of experience in the IT industry. I've been offered a job with Cognizant and Capgemini. Which company is actually better to join?
Why isn't Lord Brahma worshiped? and what will happen if I start worshipping Lord Brahma?
If I hit someone in a fender bender can they skip the insurance part and go directly to court to sue me for damages?
Many people are comfortable opening up emotionally with me on the phone and via text but I never know how to respond. What words will comfort them?
Will the US ever switch to metric units, and if so, how would they go about doing it?
Why is it that I don't like having friends and prefer to stay all alone in a room?
How can I get MOOC/E-learning through online web and video courses related to pharmacy developed by Indian professorial/professors?
Can you host a domain with Google Apps and use it for Office 365?
How do I find the total number of credit and debit cards issued by banks in India?
What if I have Taurus Lagna and Mars Mercury and Rahu in 5th house?
How do I know if someone is excited and happy to talk to me?
If people are concerned over income inequality, why don't they put their money where their mouth is and stop purchasing from those businesses? Do they want change as long as they do not personally have to sacrifice for it?
How can the drive from Edmonton to Auckland be described, and how do these cities' attractions compare to those in Ottawa?
If it could be done, should Donald drop out and let Ivanka run for president?
What are the most interesting products and innovations that Aaron's is coming out with in 2016?
How can I apply to the Canada PR and what are the requirements?
What are the differences between common and statutory law and what are some examples?
What are static variables and static methods in Java and how are they used differently?
Will Great Britain rise again to be the top most powerful and wealthiest country in the next few years?
Should there be a war between India and Pakistan for Kashmir?
What is the difference between Kashmiri almond, Gurbandi almond, Mamra almond and American almond? Do they differ in nutritional value?
Shouldn't economic systems be such that would motivate more and more people to get into research thus accelerating the pace of science?
A batsman plays a full toss above waist, the ball touches the batsman's body and hit the stumps. Is the batsman out or not?
What are the effects of demonitization of 500 and 1000 rupees notes on real estate sector?
What are the pros and cons of being good at math?
What are some best laptops for coding and game developing under 80 K?
What are the best paid books to learn react and its ecosystem in 2016 December?
What is an inexpensive laptop than can run Fallout 4 and GTA V rather smoothly? And how much would it cost?
What are the strongest majors in terms of job prospects and what are the weakest majors at Siena College?
Will I be qualified with 120 / 150 in SAT and MAT and 41 / 50 in LCT for NTSE Stage 1 Uttar Pradesh?
Concept of market stabilisation scheme and what will happen if it is increased or decreased?
What websites offer the best food and drinks deals in North Kolkata?
What colour paints are used other than white, yellow and red for ordinary road markings around the world?
How does bureaucracy contribute to the effective and efficiency of an organisation/government?
How many air craft carriers does India have, and are they new or refurbished?
I've been dating a guy for 6 months and his birthday is coming up. What should I get him?
What are the most and least common breeds of horses and ponies?
Who are some lesser known important historical figures of Zambia and what should people know about them?
What subjects (core and electives) are studied in Primary and High Schools in England?
How do you calculate the height and radius of a cylinder if their ratio and the volume are known?
What is the factual accuracy of the events and evidence in the show \"Hunting Hitler\" by History Channel?
What is the historical background of Chinese workers on Australian gold mines, and how does gold production the compare to the production in Brazil?
I am selected in Omega health care centre as AR caller but they are asking for orignal 10th and 12th marksheet.. so it is good to submit for 6 month.?
How accurate are movies under the war genre such as Fury and Saving Private Ryan in depicting the events that occurred in the world war?
What is the percentage load if KWH and HR are known for 250kva dg set in three phase load?
What are the differences between small-cap, mid-cap, and large-cap mutual funds in India? .
Why are Indian liquor bottles of the size 180ml, 375ml, and 750ml but in the US you will get 500ml or 1l bottles? Why is there such an odd size only in India?
Why the UN is not transferring control of Somalia to China? It would be better for China and for the people of Somalia who are suffering from decades of civil war.
What is London weather like and how does it compare to other European cities?
What are the margins ( percent) given to distributors, wholesalers and retailers in India for medical products ?
My in laws are apologists for Nazi war criminals and paedophile priests yet my autistic children love spending time with them, what should I do?
Why do so many people think that depression and psychiatry aren't real?
Why has this girl followed me on Instagram and snapchat to just unfollow me? Is she jealous? I am a girl also by the way
What will happen if all the trees and plants on earth are cut down? Will life on earth end?
What are the symptoms of lactose intolerance and can they be confused with other ailments?
After graduation in Molecular Biology what are the institutes and examinations at the post-graduation level that one can opt for?
Which topic I should choose for my civil final year project and I want to do project related to environmental engineering? Suggest me so good topics
What is JDownloader used, and what are some of its disadvantages?
Can you take pseudoephedrine and NyQuil together? What are the side effects?
Why do we call long -side sliced and deep fried potatoes French fries?
What are the strongest majors in terms of job prospects and what are the weakest majors at the University of Wyoming?
How and when do I apply concealer, primer, and foundation in cosmetics?
Do physics majors study mathematics at the same theoretical and formal level as do math majors? How?
How Descartes' \u201ccogito ergo sum\u201d affected Kant's and Hume's transcendental philosophy?
I don't have true friends. I feel alone, unloved and dissapointed. I don't have anyone who cares about me. What should I do?
What is a suitable inpatient drug and alcohol rehab center near Hamilton County IA?
I am a special needs nanny and tutor. How can I spin my skills and make it work for my new career in human resources?
Sometimes I want to dissociate myself from everything and everyone that makes me feel bad or unpleasant. Is that bad?
I'm 19 years old and girls always rejecting me on social media and off line\u2026how can I attract and make them like me?
Does the Shia worship of Ali and other Imams, including their pictures and personal items amount to shirk?
Why would a person wake up in the middle of the night and have the urge to go running?
What is the closest approximation of the price Americans spend each year for gasoline and diesel? I'm looking for the full amount in dollars.
I will be going to the US on H-1B visa in the next couple of months and my salary there is 60,000 USD per annum. How can I go ahead and do my MS (in computer science) while still working? My challenges include money and time management.
How can photons have no mass and yet still have energy given that E=mc^2[/math]?
Don't you think Modi will repeal decision to ban 500 and 1000 notes as it will cause high inconvenience?
Which is a suitable inpatient drug and alcohol rehab center near Ford County IL?
What should I do if a cab driver hit someone and I am sitting in the back seat and he accelerates his car after hitting?
I have a birth certificate from my native state in India, but all my other certificates including passport, schooling certificates and address proofs are from another state where I currently live. Which state do I get my birth certificate apostilled ? From my current state or my native state.
Seafood: What is the difference in taste, nutrition, and quality of food between shrimp and prawns?
How is Rollwala better than Nirma, LD and MSU, in terms of pursuing an MCA?
What's the difference between 2 percent milk and 1 percent milk? Is it safe to be combined?
I'm looking for concepts with words that describe them that exist  in one language but not commonly, if at all, in another.  e.g. 'Rinc\u00f3n' is Spanish for the interior angle of a corner, and 'esquina' which is the exterior. Yes, we have 'nook' but we don't usually say, \"Set it in the nook.\", when your guest asks where he can put his umbrella.
What is the difference between Iyer and Iyengar if both are Tamil Brahmins?
I want to learn web page development and become a freelancer web page developer. What should I do?
Account opening in Zerodha states 48 hours, I have submitted all documents and it has been 10 days with no luck. Pathetic support, how to escalate?
Are singular verbs always used with pronouns 'either' and 'neither'? What are some examples?
I have everything I thought I wanted, and I'm still not happy. Why?
Which politicians are supporting Senators Cruz and Duffy\u2019s \u201cProtecting Internet Freedom Act\u201d?
How do you type the plus and minus symbols in Excel?
What are the job opportunities after completing post graduation in English and post graduation diploma in journalism?
I'm jealous when my best friend is having fun with other friends.That makes me sad and angry with her. I am a boy, what should I do?
What is the best image recognition software for identifying and tracking the tip of a finger in real time (iOS Platform)? Is Clarifai any good?
I texted a girl that I liked her. She responded in a way I didn't expect. She said I hadn't spoken to her in years so how can I now say that I love her? I explained and we talked. She asked what I wanted her to say? I said she can block me but she refused. What should I do now? And does this mean yes?
Is there a health-related reason to avoid seltzer and other unsweetened carbonated beverages?
I want to run my own startup. I have the idea and plan but no team. What do I do?
Who is on your top most corrupt and rotten Presidential nominee list?
How do I get my enrollment number and web access code for myPay?
What is the academic pressure and workload at Washington State like?
How do I differentiate between Bituminous Concrete and Semi Dense Bituminous Concrete in field?
I got job offers from both Arista Networks and Amazon. Which one should I join to have better career prospects?
What are the good books and resources to learn machine learning?
What could be possible outcomes of scrapping 500 and 1000 notes? Please segregate them in good outcomes and bad outcomes.
Let x=R[/math] and p[/math] be the discrete metric on X[/math] defined by p(x,y) = 8[/math] if x[/math] is not equal to y[/math] and 0[/math], if x=y[/math]. What is \\text{B}_0\\text{(-1)}[/math]?
What are the most interesting products and innovations that Titan International is coming out with in 2016?
How do you open your third eye and what exactly do you see with it?
What is the procentual difference between 4 percent and 3 percent? What is the formula to calculate?
How can I use Deep Learning in selecting features, and not training/predicting the data?
I cooled a bottle of soda in the refrigerator and after an hour and a half or more it was still liquid. Why did it froze when I opened it?
How do I backup my pictures and music from my iPhone to iTunes?
Can I carry groceries like rice, daal, spices and pickles in check-in luggage while going to Stockholm from India?
Has any payment gateway company used WCF services and what was their experience?
What does \"encouragable\" mean and how do you use it in a sentence?
My girlfriend has access to all my social accounts and goes through my phone, but will not let me see hers. Do you think she's cheating?
What is the third largest island in the Malay Archipelago, and how does its wildlife compare to Upolu's?
Why doesn't Voldemort just waltz up to Hogwarts during book 5 and 6 and kill Harry? It's not like anyone can stop him, he's immortal.
Do girls accept the guy who was proposing her for years and are sincere in their motive?
What are the day-to-day and overall responsibilities of a TV producer?
How many \"exchanges\" do Yahoo and Google follow for their relevant financial modules?
Why does MS Excel 2007 and higher end at 1048576 (2^20) rows?
What are the pros and cons of sex, blowjobs, handjobs and masturbation, and how does each act compare to the others?
What are the basic child support guidelines from Kansas, and how do they compare to those from Ilinois?
Why cant I join my friends lobby, and why cant my friends join my lobby in black ops 3?
How does Trump plan to save SS and Medicare; how will he pay for it?
If my mental illnesses are getting worse such and BPD and BDD and more, how can I get my parents to listen when they get so ashamed and disappointed?
Why do Indian National Congress leaders hate Narendra Modi and oppose almost every decision made by the Modi government?
Hat are some examples of Filipino traditions and beliefs, and how do they compare and contrast to those of Sicily?
Girlfriend wants to meet new people and make new friends. Should I be worried?
If we suddenly manage to answer all questions related to negative energy and fully advance the field, how would this affect us in terms of technological advancements?
My girl is 13 years old and she is pregnant. What should I do?
I have just read an article of a young Muslim woman's suicide after she was forced by law to marry a male who raped her so that he could avoid prosecution and the family could avoid shame. I feel saddened by this, am I being too western in my response - do we have to accept cultural practices such as this?
What are the differences and similarities between Utopia and The Republic?
How tall will a 5 feet 8 15 year old be? My dad is 5 feet 6 and my mom is 5 feet 7. My brother is 5 feet 11 but he has a different mom as tall as me.
What happened to the rest of the Romans after the Roman Empire fell, and why didn't anyone gather the rest of the Romans and try to rebuild?
Criminal Law: If two people were involved with a theft and both were later indicted, are separate trials held for each defendant?
How can I find past construction projects (city and government contracts) worked on by contractors within the last 5 years?
Is there any free app to listen and download music offline for android?
What is the difference between a Myers-Briggs type indicator and the Predictive Index? Is there any relation?
What are some examples of homozygous dominant and homozygous recessive genes?
How does Mattermark calculate its score, and what are its limitations?
How can I reconcile my support in universal health care and a single-payer option with my belief that government is a bureaucratic, corrupt mess?
Question that contains assumptions: Why can a country like Canada with so few people and such underdeveloped technology exist in this world for so many years? Has the U.S. never really tried to take over Canada?
Is there any difference between the Hindi words naksha and manchitra, or are they the same?
Basically, I am an agriculture graduate, pursuing a master's in agricultural biotechnology. I am interested in basic research and I want to pursue my Ph.D. in basic plant biology. Will my agriculture background affect my research career?
Epics of India: How come both Parashurama and Krishna, two Avatars of God Vishnu, existed at the same time during Mahabharata?
Where can I get a wide variety of residential and commercial horse fencing solutions in Sydney?
Is it better to have loved and lost than to have never loved at all?
How do I think clearly when I am feeling lost and uncertain about the future?
Why nowadays big hot shots like dell and hpe have sold or already are planning to sell thier software business?
What are the strongest majors in terms of job prospects and what are the weakest majors at Hunter College?
What do Quora users feel about the concept of heaven and hell irrespective of their religions? Can good and bad people end up in same place up there?
What is the difference between (*m) [5] and *m [5] in C programming language?
What percentage of the Indian population depends on agriculture and what is the agriculture sector's contribution to India's GDP?
I had a 2.3k account on Instagram and I've been hacked. The hacker changed the email, the password and the name. What can I do?
How can I use Omegle on my iPod Touch and how is it compared to using Camfrog?
Why does Obamacare cost so much and why is the opposition to it so strong?
What is the shelf life of ammo? Five years ago I bought bulk ammo and I'm wondering about its reliability.
How do I act around my brother's college freshmen friends and my sister who's a senior in HS?
How do I copy images and pictures from a pdf to word document?
What is the difference between assistant manager and relationship manager in private sector banks?
How Paytm earns money and how it benefit to our country?
Science: If everything is made of atoms, and atoms are mainly empty space, why don't things just pass through each other?
What are the most interesting products and innovations that RPM International is coming out with in 2016?
What actions can you take against the police if they knowingly file a false FIR against you and if the senior police isn't accepting your grievance regarding this matter?
I have a hard time having deep and meaningful relationships with my friends. Any suggestions?
What are the advantages of being a fresher and what are the disadvantages of being a dropper (in case of JEE preparation)?
Is there a way an Indian origin woman who married to a Pakistani man and holds Pakistani nationality now can get a multiple entry visa for India?
I am a 24 year old B. Tech graduate (2014). I am still unemployed and living at my parents. How should I proceed with my career?
What is the difference between declaring a variable as char *buffer and char **buffer in the C programming language?
How can we make the world a better place for all and for the future generation to come?
Why does the pulse rate of a heart increase, and what is this state called?
What are the strongest majors in terms of job prospects and what are the weakest majors at Cal State East Bay?
Of the standard 250ml versions of Coke, Fanta, Sprite, Pepsi and Dew, which has the least amount of sugar?
How do I know your airtel mobile number and date of activation of your connection?
How can NRIs replace the 500 and 1000 notes who are currently out of India?
Why does the English rule say \u2018a European nation\u2019 and not \u2018an European nation\u2019?
Is there an inpatient Drug and Alcohol Rehab Center in Lake County California?
Can you post an image on Instagram and not let certain people see it?
According to you, what are the biggest weaknesses and main qualities of Americans?
Does Google allo read all your messages and spy out of it? Using a fancy term called AI?
Are many people following the Islamic faith deluded with fairy tales like Allah and the Prophet Muhammed, 72 virgins, etc.? If yes, should they not grow up?
How could data science and R programming be used to better help local non profits and charities beyond what Tableau could do?
How do I practice sargam on daily basis to reach high notes and bring out the raga curves efficiently?
What are the different student clubs at NITK, and what are the selection criteria to get into the club?
I am going to start a Tiffin service business online and offline. What are important things I should keep in mind?
What are the differences between some of the most popular martial arts and which one is best to train in in your opinion?
What will be the angle between electric field, magnetic field and direction of propagation of an EM wave while bending due to gravity (near a black hole)?
What is that makes Yuvraj Singh's batting look so pleasing and good to watch on the eyes.how is he both brutal and elegant at the same time?
Are breed specific dog foods by Royal Canin, Eukanaba, Pedigree, Hills Science any good at all? Many of these are priced high, but the ingredients are majorly corn, wheat, maize, etc. and the protein content is low as well. Is it worth the money or should I stick to N&D dog food only?
How do I marry a boy who wants to marry me but his mother and sister does not want the same?
What are the most important and crucial advantages of an open circulatory system?
Is it possible that Russia and the US will fight a proxy war in Syria?
My girlfriend still talks to her ex boyfriend everyday. He calls her boo and Snapchats her fresh out of the shower. I tell her I don't like it, but she won't stop talking to him or any other guy. What should I do?
What happens if you push a nurse who is trying to keep you physically from leaving the ER and then they attack back, punching in the face? How are they not in trouble too?
What does camel meat taste like, and do any cultures eat it regularly?
I have a very big CV gap and cant explain it away?
What are the strongest majors in terms of job prospects and what are the weakest majors at Andrews University?
How is GUI programming done and how is GUI related to programming?
What is a good inpatient drug and alcohol rehab center near Geneva County AL?
What is the real reason why cats and dogs do not like one another?
Will America lose it's power, properity, and prestige under President-elect Donald Trump?
Do survivors of multiple cardiac arrests and resuscitation live more than ten years?
What is one thing you've learned the hard way and wish everybody would know without having to go through the tough experience?
Who are some lesser known important historical figures of Belize and what should people know about them?
Do you think Gary Johnson and William Weld, Libertarian candidates for president and Vice President, should be included in the presidential debates?
Which book are you currently reading? and what inspired you to read that book?
How do I write a C++ program to input a four digit number and add 4 with the last two digits of the number (Eg. n-1234. output should be 34+4=38)?
What is the best way to write and also distribute a press release?
I have done BA honours in economics for DU this year only and would like to do MA in same so for it's preparation I have dropped this year but as I m sittng atll Home and not doing any other diploma or certificate course will it prove to be a disadvantage to me in near future?
I read that Hillary's aides get a standard issue mobile device and a hammer. What's the hammer for?
Is it possible to withdraw from college for a semester, and transfer to another college the semester after?
How would you compare and contrast pulmonary circulation and systemic circulation?
I have problems with food and need to gain weight. What's the best food for it?
Is it possible to start a company with just a degree in a specific field and with no work experience in that field?
How can I check if my 1 year old and unused axis bank account still exists or not?
What is the Best and fast way to learn Java and Android?
I have 2 girlfriend I love one and want to be friend with other what should I do?
Why is it that when you transport something by car it is called a shipment and when you transport something by ship it is called cargo?
What is the difference between Principles of Physics and Fundamentals of Physics by Resnick Halliday?
Is Python an HTML replacement and will it ever replace HTML?
What is the best and cheapest brokerage company that provides a 3-in-1 account for combining a trading account, a Demat account, and a savings banking account with full services in India?
Which is a suitable inpatient drug and alcohol rehab center in Rio Blanco County CO?
I have been admitted to an MS in EE for Fall 2015 in USC and NCSU. I am interested in digital VLSI and computer architecture. Which would be a better option?
What is the meaning of the Hindi word 'Gathbandhan' and the Urdu word 'Ittehad' respectively?
What small problem do you face everyday and dont find easy solution for them?
How much does it cost to create and manage an eSports team?
I m a fresher btech in civil eng and want to join bigdata and data scientist, which is better for me?
I'm completed bsc computer science and working in atos for 4 months with 2 year bond and I got offer letter to join l&t Infotech what should I do?
Eight squares of chocolate make up a Wonka bar, and Charlie eats two squares, what fraction of the bar did he eat?
Where can I find a good reading room/library in and around Rohini Delhi where personal books are allowed?
Who has seriously taken advice from people on Quora, and what was the result of doing so?
I have a good knowledge of aptitude and I am a mechanical engineer and a fresher. How can I find a good job in a good company?
Can I come out of the terminal at the airport and go into the visiting area between my connecting flights?
What is the difference between the 'in' clause and the 'between' clause in SQL?
Why did NFL teams do so poorly in Cleveland, Baltimore, Houston, and St Louis, that they had to move, only to have other teams come take their place?
Sir, I completed my m.tech in digital electronics and communication systems in 2016.i want to do core job with best salary. what I have to do?
If cannabis were legal in Britain and the rest of the world, would it be a much better place?
Is it okay for a 16 year old and 18 yer old to be together?
When do you think writing shit code is perfectly fine and better than writing elegant code?
What are the differences between TI 84 plus and TI 89? What are some examples?
Was Ashoka responsible for the decline and eventual fall of Maurya empire?
What is your favorite book and why? Who is the author?
If a Bollywood movie were made on the life and career of Pravin Kalyan Amre, what would be its opening scene?
How would anthropogenic cooling best be achieved, and would that save us from global warming's effects?
Michaelis Maus, do you always see your low (essential) affects in others, pretend to \"know\" them, and try to \"punish\" them by \u201cwinning\u201d in those affects?
Who is Pakalu Papito and why / how did he become famous?
What is the medical term for bump and how are bumps usually treated?
My IPhone 4s won't send pictures in text message and group chats don't work in text messages. It is updated. I have AT&T. How can I fix this?
Can axis of vision in case of astigmatism changes over time and how much change is considered as normal?
What's the difference between an epidemic and a pandemic? How are they similar?
If the phone rings twice then to voicemail, and texts say \"received\", am I blocked?
I'm about to graduate college with a BA in economics and am interested in a career in civil service (city, state or federal) - any recommendations?
Given the same amount of daily caffeine intake, is it better, in terms of 1) health and 2) addiction, to split the intake process into multiple times?
Marks required in Mains and advance to get into NIIT Patna?
Would an election between Clinton and Trump see a rise in the polls for Libertarian Gary Johnson?
If Trump's campaign is crashing and burning as the media says, why is he down only 6 points?
Why does the solubility of sodium sulphate and ceric sulphate decrease with increase in temperature?
What are the differences between Computer Science Engineering and Information Technology Engineering?
I have some insane ideas for new characters and story lines for Star Wars, how should I approach Walt Disney?
What does it mean when a guy is always staring at me and then he and I lock eyes for a really long time?
What is the best way to learn and grow when you've got plenty of time in the office?
Is it impossible to reduce gun violence and gun accidents in the USA?
I'm stuck between buying an iPhone 6s and one plus 3. Which is better?
Girls if you found out a guy is a pervert that looks up girls\u2019 skirts and dresses would you tell other girls he is a pervert?
Which is a suitable inpatient drug and alcohol rehab center in Franklin County IL?
If you were to get a room all the way black, and had one light bulb, would the room be bright?
What are common tactics and bluffing strategies in Texas Hold'em poker?
Mideastern cultures had excellent contributions to language, math and the arts. Why did it become a place of cruelty with the barbarism we see now?
What are some sites where I can get free Flipkart and Amazon shopping vouchers?
Who will win the 18th match between South Korea and Australia in the 2016 Kabaddi World Cup?
How can you distinguish between a mixture of two miscible liquids and a homogenous solution of a solid in solvent if both appear identical?
How do I find the vertical and horizontal asymptotes, domain, range, and roots of f(x)=\u2212\\frac{1}{x-3}+2[/math]?
When was the final war going on between Voldemort and Harry Potter? Why did not Voldemort create more horcrux and hide them?
How can bed bugs make you sick and how can we get rid of them?
Looking for someone who want to change his 500 and 1000 Indian notes on commision base?
Where can people buy wine online, and why would they choose to do so?
I have a problem of getting attached to people in a short span of time and I always end up hurting myself when the feeling isn't reciprocated?
Are transgender people more accepted in Thailand and the Philippines than in Eastern European countries?
What are the most interesting products and innovations that Artisan Resource is coming out with in 2016?
Which optional subject is better for Civils mains between Anthropology and Political science & international relations as I have interest in both?
Why is it that the most attractive women have the worst attitudes, and have such high standards when it comes to men?
How likely is one to die in the military, and does the likelihood increase as you join better forces?
What is it like flying from Bangkok to Manila and how are these touristic cities compared to Kyoto?
What is the Personal Property Security Act and how is Nova Scotia's different from Newfoundland's?
Why did Shlomo Carlebach speak Yiddish and use it so much in his work even though he was German?
My girlfriend stop anticonceptives and is not having her period \u00bfis normal?
If a girl sits across the room from you, opens her legs, and shows you her vagina, are you cheating by not looking away?
Is Judge Hudson's ruling on the unconstitutionality of the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act likely to be overturned?
What is PhD all about: Quickly getting stuff done and move or take your time to learn to do everything?
Does a car dealer have to offer life insurance and disability when you buy a new vehicle?
Is there a way to have a video recorded on DVD and also still play as audio in car CD player?
Why is an English person not foreign in England (but is in Spain) and why is a Spanish person not foreign in Spain? (But is in England)? Hmm
How do you handle success and what does it take to be always successful?
What is the effect of Venus in the 11th house and Saturn in the 2nd house for a Scorpio ascendant?
What are your views on demonetization of 500 and 1000 rupee notes by the Modi Government?
Did Trump lie when he said President Obama and Hillary Clinton are the founders of ISIS?
I have recently completed my engineering in electronics and communication.How I can make my carrier in telecom sector?
How can I convince employees to stop using Google Docs and switch to Microsoft Office as our security and functional requirements dictate?
Is there a remote possibility that Rs 2000 notes come with a GPS chip and government is not revealing it so that they can find stacks of them later?
I have failed to qualify the JEE Mains and some other entrance exams. Should I drop a year and prepare to try them again or not?
What is the difference between production and manufacturing? What are some examples?
Why do some people simply ignore you, even though you know them and generally have a decent enough reputation?
What is the way to say \"hugs and kisses\" in Portuguese?
How can I decide between my current boyfriend and this guy I recently met?
What is the difference between a gentile and a Jew in The Holy Bible?
What are some examples of fruits and vegetables can bearded dragons eat?
I have just found out that my late father was fascist scum and a National Front candidate. I'm a liberal. How do I come to terms with this?
How can I write a menu program in C++ that lets the user select from a list of options and if the input is not one of the options it reprints the list?
Why are the contestants on Hell's Kitchen so cocky and nasty to each other, and are they actually like this or was it for good television?
Does the Indian Hyundai i20 Elite and i20 active have rear fog lamps?
I saw this guy that disappeared on me four months ago and he's acting like nothing ever happened. What should I do?
What is the relation between torque, slip, and speed in induction motors?
Which of the following is suitable for commuting and daily errands, car renting or car leasing?
I am preparing for BITSAT 2017, and need to know if the exemplar for class 12th and 11th plus the arihant be any good for maths.
Why does my brain make up and play beautiful orchestra-type music all the time?
Hypothetically, What if a small town ignores the government\u2019s decision and decides to continue the use of 500-1000 rupee  notes?
I'm 17 years old and I've started observing 5-6 grey hair on my head and beard. Is there any way to get rid of this problem?
How can I fall asleep at a time I set up and accomplish it? Sleeping tips?
What would happen if you placed water in a bottle and left it in there for 1000 years?
Can I buy Gold coin from one state and sell in another state?
What is a personal business letter and how do you write one?
How can I study law more efficiently, faster and retain more information?
Is it true that DJ Quik hit and killed a 5 year old boy?
When I wake up in the morning daily, my penis is erect and tight. Why does it happens? Does it happen to all the men?
I'm interested in digital security, but don't know how and where to start. Can someone help me?
If you traveled 20 years into the future and killed your future self, would that be murder or suicide?
I fell in love with a married guy, and I think he is in love with me too. What should I/we do?
What can you do if a 5 week old puppy is separated from the litter and will not stop whining? What can be done to help him?
What do T1,T2,FLAIR, , and FA tell you about someone's brain from MRI?
I want to advertise my own freelancing work of education and computer skills in UAE from which I can earn extra bugs, How can I do it?
Which is the best book for clearly understanding data structures and algorithms concepts in layman language?
How can I get MOOC related to Bachelor of Ayurvedic Medicine and Surgery (B.A.M.S.) developed by Indian doctors/Medical professorial/professors?
Which is the best physical design, custom layout and RTL verification in terms of jobs, future growth, package and less stress?
How can i become a front end and back end Web developer?. I currently know HTML, CSS, done a bit of Java and Ruby on rails. How many hours do i need?
What are the applications that can use armature control to reduce speed and in the same time can use field control to reach the speed more than rated?
Can I register a company in US while living in India and being an Indian Citizen. Also will I be able to manage the company's bank accounts?
What is average salary of a data scientist and machine learning research scientist in India?
How should a student study to be productive and with full skill on subject?
I am feeling lonely and depressed. I am living alone, go to work alone, and rent a house alone. What should I do about this situation?
I want to learn iOS development and build my social app this summer. How can I do this?
How can I get above 90 percent in Physics and Chemistry in CBSE class 12 board 2017 if I have just started seriously?
How did chicken, beef and pork emerge as the standard meats?
I am a micro focus COBOL developer with 5 years of experience, and I have an interest in business analytics. Is it wise to quit the job and do post graduation in business analytics?
What were the major contributions of the political leaders during WW1, and how are the compared to the ones during the Italian Unification?
How is sex different for circumcised men? Are there any tips and tricks for circumcised men during masturbation and sex?
What is the numerical value of the specific heat of a gas in the isothermal process and the adiabatic process? Give a reason for your answer.
I'm 17, and a junior. I feel down in the dumps, I feel like nobody cares, I'm not myself, and I have lost interest in things. Why do I feel like this?
If we built Donald Trump's planned wall between the US and Mexico and somehow got Mexico to pay for it, what would happen then?
Why are black people called African American and whites not European American when neither were born there?
My girlfriend likes another guy, and she told me, what should I do?
How can I make money buying from AliExpress and selling them in my country?
I am 16 y.o studing in 11th CBSE (commerce)lacking having good teachers and feeling depression thinking about my current studies. What should I do?
What does it feel like to take marijuana using a vaporizer and how different is that from regular smoking?
What are the requirements to become president in the United States and how are the requirements different in Albania?
How can a coding language understand this question and give an answer: \"What's\" \"Good\"?  How can I start programming this type of database?
Are there non-binary identities that fit someone who uses he/him and they/them pronouns, but doesn't really understand gender?
Why does the superposition theorem apply to diode and transistor (total response=dc+ac) even though they are non-linear?
How do I make myself and my life inspiring to others?
Modi's announcement on banning 500 and 1000 currency notes. How would it affect economy?
What is Trump's plan for helping senior citizens and protecting Social Security and Medicare?
If you could go back in time and change one thing, what would it be and why?
Could any one share the Matlab code to find overshoot, settling time, and rise time of fourth order control system?
I thought I was dreaming when I couldn't move and then I rolled over all of a sudden and I woke up. Was I dreaming or not?
Who is this guy constantly on the youtube ad showing off his Lamborghini and how many books he reads? He's so annoying to me.
What is the Myers Briggs test? What does it measure and how should one prepare to take it?
I dream about people I don't know. Why and how is this possible?
What is meant by \"protruded state\" and what are some examples?
Can I change mapping of MacBook keyboard key? The tab key isn't working anymore and I use it a lot, can I map it with left shift /another key instead?
What are the strongest majors in terms of job prospects and what are the weakest majors at Harding University?
Why is simply being an American so attractive and have so much value in the world?
I had completed my graduation on Mechatronics and have CCNA certification. I want to be a network engineer. How to get a job on MNC?
How can I record LIVE TV on my MacBook and stream that on Facebook?
The prime factorization of integer N is A x A x B x C, where A, B and C are all distinct prime integers. How many factors does N have?
Why does salt increase the boiling point and decrease the freezing point of water?
What exactly is the Kremlin's function and does anyone live there?
Is there any vaccine for cancer and how effective is this?
Is NIT Trichy one of the best NITs in India, and is its standard of education comparable to an IIT?
I'm working as an NOC engineer and want to switch to IT (Software), how ?
How do I identify the stalker, messaging me from an unknown Whatsapp number, and no details are found for that number on Truecaller?
Which is a suitable inpatient drug and alcohol rehab center near Upson County GA?
What is there to see and do in and around Phuket?
What is a consecutive calendar day and how is it related with the Hebrew calendar?
Heymen I have a note5 it give me this message when a turn it on and shout down (custom pinary are blocked by frp lock) I try odin and kies butnot work?
Which is more beneftial for a btech 3yr CSE students 1- prepare for gate 2 prepare for GRE and TOEFL 3- get deep knowledge of computer languages?
What is the climate of California's coastal regions, and how does it compare to the climate in Iowa?
Who are some famous Filipino painters and the names of their paintings?
My iPhone's photos are not in iTunes, and they won't sync. What do I do?
What happens if a passport arrives and no one is at home? Will the postman come again?
What are the current statistics regarding women in technology in the USA and Canada? What percentage of the IT work force do they make up?
How much time does it take to regain full mobility and efficiency after an operation for a Grade 3 ACL tear?
When was the first sewer built in Europe and how did people maintain them?
What is an example of an object slowing down but having a positive acceleration and an object that is speeding up but has negative acceleration ?
I just started working after my graduation and I want to gift my dad a watch, preferably an automatic and a reliable one. Which one should I get?
If a Bollywood movie were made on the life and career of Anil Kapoor, what would be its opening scene?
I own two cars in exactly the same model and color. Can I switch their license plate numbers?
Is wave-particle duality a moving particle and its associated wave in the \"wavy fluid\" dark matter?
Is there a direct relationship with gravity and Earth's magnetic field?
Can I succeed? I am an engineering student and I have failed my first year examination. I think the reason for my failure was that i had neglected my studies and not that I am dumb. But my neighbours and my cousins really think that I am not talented enough to pursue engineering and they said these things before me so i am confused and really can i succeed as an engineer or should i quit it. Kindly help.
Which is the best bank among Citi, ICICI, HDFC, and Axis to open saving account in India?
What are the advantages of simple random sampling, and what are the disadvantages?
How early on did Darth Vader regret what he had done, and perhaps wanted to leave Palpatine?
What are the pros and cons of Hillary Clinton and Donald Trump?
Is it evolutionarily feasible to imagine a planet where a highly advanced species evolved, went extinct, and then a new, but somewhat less intelligent species evolved later and was bewildered by the artifacts left by the previous species?
Who will win in a fight between Green Lantern and (Star Trek) USS Starship Enterprise?
Could I be experiencing nerve pain? In my upper arm and back there is pain. I'm worried it's due from my cervical herniated spine at C6 and C7
Do girls watch porn and share the thoughts on that to others?
What does Germany look like, and how does its geography compare to Ukraine\u2019s?
What are the best free resources one can use to learn Spring MVC framework and Hibernate framework (Preferably video tutorial e.g. YouTube Channel)?
How do nonprofits make money to specifically pay and give raises to employees?
My boyfriend cannot let go of my past. I cheated 6 years ago; he is still bitter. I love him and want it to work, but feel hopeless. What can I do?
If a war was sparked between the US and Russia, who would India side with?
Which is better to build web applications and why:  PHP, Python or Ruby?
She is expecting me to pick her from the airport then go to her mom's house and cousin birthday. How can I understand this?
I'm an amateur photographer, use full manual, shoot with a Nikon D5100, own a 50mm lens and I'll be shooting a friend\u2019s pics soon. What should I charge?
I have to pick between my girlfriend, whom I absolutely love, and my dream job, which pays five times as much as I currently make. What do I do? Is there a way for me to choose both?
Why do people salute with their right hand and not with their left hand?
How do I get started in finding and using a virtual assistant?
What is the difference between not qualified and not shortlisted for skill test?
I beat my puppy to death violently by slapping him repeatedly and broke his face. Tell me how to repent it and eradicate this kind of behaviors?
Can I write a shell script using windows notepad and then run it in Linux box with Putty or Winscp?
Why do you want to join indian army as an officer and why did not you went to rally?
The (MIT) Manipal fee is about 13 lakhs + the hostel and other charges, which is too much. Is the MIT really worth it?
In India, in cities like Bangalore and Pune, is it better to buy a house or rent it?
Exactly how do girls in Pune wear scarves around their faces covering their nose and mouth? What are different styles of the same?
I farted in front of my boss by accident and now I am sinking into depression?
I just graduated and got my job in Pune. My girlfriend is in 3rd year and continuing her college in Chandigarh. I am scared of LDR. What should I do?
Why do I feel bored with everything and feel pointless for no reason?
Which is your favourite Kannada troll page and also the favourite admin?
What are the benefits of eating oats and milk for breakfast every morning?
What are the differences between time division multiplexing and frequency division multiplexing?
How does it feel to become physically weaker and lose muscle while transitioning from male to female?
Why do I feel attracted towards intelligent and witty men with beard who happen to be a little younger than me in age?
My default facial expression seems cold and depressing, even though I am actually pretty happy. Why is this?
How much TV do you watch in an average day, and how have your viewing habits changed over the years?
With 145-150 marks in the JEE Main and 92.8 percent in the CBSE boards, what can my expected rank be and which colleges can I get into?
What are some local laws in regards to nudity in Vermont, and how do they differ from nudity laws in Kansas?
Do you wish that you were at a bar and dancing to loud music?
I am 20 year old with height 6'2 and weight 63 Kgs. Should I go for a mass gainer to gain weight?
How can I get more credits on Quora and who can give me some?
Is leaving my first well-paid job because it is not interesting or exciting and I don't want to live my life like that a good decision?
Why do we put the voltage transformers in parallel and the current transformer in series in the substation?
If a girl has long hair in her pictures in online dating profiles and shows up  to the first date with a haircut, is it a deal breaker?
How do Ecommerce online markets with multistores such as Wanelo. Lyst, and polyvore manage to keep track of their metrics?
I am a 20-year-old man with a weight of 110 kg and a height of 5' 9\". I want to lose weight. How long will it take me?
Is there a software that can only list the files and programs I Am working with?
I want to travel the world, yet all my parents and counsellors want me to graduate college and start a career. What should I do in your opinion?
History tells us that India is a country of all religions. Sufism, the Bhakti movement, Buddhism, Jainism, Sikhism and other religions helped to build India into a more open-minded country towards religion. Is that true? How?
If I watch to girls, they watch back like I'm a alien Today I watched a girl in the bus and she was hiding immediately when she saw me looking?
If black voters are not energized by Bernie to go out and vote. Can he win, the general without them?
Emoji does not show up right and crashes the app or the phone I use iphone 4
I am trying to design a professional poster and I want to get it printed. What are the few important things that I should keep in mind in terms of paper type/quality and pixels that I select, so that I get a nice professional poster?
What are the differences between haploid and diploid? What are some examples of each?
What is the difference between a republic, the form of government, and Republicanism, the political ideology?
I am preparing for IIT by self-study. I am able to do only 40 percent of the questions in maths and physics but I am able to understand the solutions. Am I weak in these subjects or does it happen to everyone who prepares for IIT with self-study?
When stopped in traffic whilst driving a car with automatic transmission, does selecting neutral and applying the parking brake significantly damage either the parking brake or the transmission?
What are the most interesting products and innovations that Steel Dynamics is coming out with in 2016?
Which companies or organisations hire civil and chemical engineering graduates both in India?
How can you successfully go on a diet? Like visual perception and something about the atmosphere you are dining in?
My boyfriend treasures memories he had with his ex and still cares about her. They're friends and keep in touch. Does it mean he still love her?
Donald Trump has just won the election 2016 and became the 45th US president. What happens now?
What is the difference between Intel's 1st, 2nd, and 3rd generation of processors?
I don't feel like going to school and this is like everyday story. What should I do? I'm in 11th grade.
How do dogs get pregnant and how can you tell if a dog is pregnant?
Why Tcs hires people with IT skills and Assign them in BPS grade?
Can I use only Rosetta Stone to learn German and be able to speak fluently in 1 year?
How many quills do hedgehogs have? How do hedgehogs use their quills and how do they replace them when they use them?
What steps do I need to take to write, publish and market a book I've written?
My Instagram account has been locked and it tells be to contact Instagram. How do I do that?
How do I avoid pregnancy? Suppose I had sex after 10 days of my first period date and my period occurs mostly 1 days late than the period date.
If a group of young men surrounded someone and started squirting that person with what appeared to be a water bottle, would that be a felony and if so, if it started a fight in which someone was killed, would that be considered a felony murder by the group?
How is the intensity of an earthquake is counted and how do they measure it on Richter Scale?
What are the advantages and disadvantages to a \"reversed\" swept wing?
What are the working hours at Mu-Sigma for a TDS and is saturday working day or a holiday?
Can we change SuiteCRM's default font and font size for new emails?
How is Bolivia's geographical location unique in the region, and how does its geography compare to Panama's?
Which is better out of Arduino and Raspberry Pi to start with after basic microcontrollers?
I want to search on Google Patents and still not get tracked on it. How can I do it?
If comprehend means that you know what a definition is and stand means that you agree with the definition, what are some related words?
What is the Health and Social Care Professions Council, and what purpose does it serve?
What are the cutoff marks of the JEE Mains and in HSC of the TFWS seats in all engineering colleges in Mumbai?
How do I take Apple cider vinegar and when is the best time?
My boyfriend is Indian and I'm not. I really love him but his parents want to just hide our relationship for so long because of the reason that their relatives will not approve and that it will create complications on their part as they want an Indian girl for him. What should I do?
Is modern science materialist? What does it even mean to be materialist in the modern framework of physics with its fields and particles that behave as waves, or the interchangeable concept of matter and energy?
Is it likely Apple will make a force touch Magic Trackpad and a Magic Keyboard with the new Touch bar for iMac?
How frequently can I trade in and out of stocks using the Robinhood app?
Can two people play a song with the same gear and make it sound EXACTLY the same way?
How can I register for bread and breakfast (BnB) as host of incredible India Campaign?
How can I develop, test and run Android apps if I have a Windows phone?
What is the best way to prepare and crack the NTSE exam?
Should the U.S. stop using things like fiscal cliffs and debt ceilings because of their potential for disruption?
How do I read in a string and display it in reverse?
I have a girl who's exhibitionist and I think she wants to have sex with me. What should I do?
What is a good inpatient drug and alcohol rehab center in Clark County KY?
What is the Personal Property Security Act and how is Nova Scotia's different from the Northwest Territory's?
Why is the Indian currency value so low and what can be done to increase its value?
I am a 15 years guy. I like reading romantic novels as of Durjoy Datta and Chetan Bhagat. Is it okay for 15 years old to read such novels?
Where can I found large range of rubbish skips and bins for hire in Sydney?
I've been dating a guy for a month. I met his family and he wants a serious relationship. But he has my name under Larissa in his phone. Is that bad?
Who are some lesser known important historical figures of Bhutan and what should people know about them?
How did Vietnam, Korea, and Japan emulate Chinese ideas and institutions? How did they adapt these ideas and institutions to fit their own cultures?
Is there is a device that i can plug pc monitor and led lights in to that can turn the lights on when ever the monitor is on?
What is the style called when letters are written very close and visible when seen bottom inclinattion?
Why are so many parents more okay letting their children watch violence and murder than sex and/or intimacy on television?
What is the best way to learn machine learning and deep learning from scratch?
What's the difference between the non plan expenditure and the revenue expenditure with respect to the Union Budget of the government of India?
What is the history of the Glassboro train station, and how does it compare to Burswood station?
What if a cricket ball hits a batsman\u2019s helmet and then goes to the boundary?
How do you know that you're bipolar and that you have anger issues?
What is the difference between Imam Ali and Prophet Muhammad in ruling over their people?
What does borrowing short and lending long mean in banking, and how has quantitive easing disrupted this?
What is the difference when we use the simple past tense and the present perfect after a \"since\" clause?
What are the different grade levels and titles at Deloitte Consulting US?
How widely accepted are credit cards at small businesses and restaurants in New Caledonia?
How are the new Indian currency notes of Rs 500 and Rs 2000 going to help in curbing corruption?
How do I get guys to like me? I try my hardest but I'm too shy and I can't talk. I have to wait until guys talk to me. Help
Can you mentor someone whose intrested in hacking and is currently an average skilled programmer (15years of age) in Kenya?
What is the difference between Moses and Muhammad for Jews and Muslims respectively?
What is the process and procedure to get EPFO UAN number?
What is the importance of and alignment between IT strategy and business strategy?
What are the advantages and disadvantages of being a boy and a girl?
What is your favorite Google product and how can you improve it?
I opened my website beenteen.com please visit and give advice on content. How to promote my website? Beenteen.com
Can I upload my photos to icloud on my phone and delete them from my phone safely?
What are the pros and cons of living in your city?
Are college or high school sex parties and orgies a real thing or a fantasy created by the porn industry?
Which country has the highest standard of living and why do they have the highest standard of living?
I am a 22 year old software engineer in Infosys and I wish to be part of Google. Is doing an MS at this age helpful?
What are the difference between Classical and Keynesian models in macroeconomics?
Should I read A Song of Ice and Fire after watching the Game of Thrones TV series?
Is necessary to know how to draw well to study industrial design and product development engineering? Which are the most important qualities needed?
I already owned the domain for blogger, now I want to switch to WordPress and want that same domain for WP how can I use that?
How does one edit an answer? I was not finished and was not allowed to write any more.
What does \"kernel version\" mean, and why is the Android version and the kernel version different?
How can I sell my pomegranate and grapes at a good rate in Pune?
What is the best major for people who have great ideas and they have the skills to develop any project to the best?
What is the difference in the concept between an e-governance, an e-democracy and an open government? How are they related to each other?
If you got unlimited access to internet and you need everything you want..what changes?
What is the cheapest and best way to travel throughout Europe?
How exactly is normal hearing and hearing with a cochlear implant different?
Why does 12PM come after 11AM and 12AM come after 11PM?
How do I start with own business consultant firm and what are the things to be cosider to become consultant?
How do I manage to tidy up my dad's place and make it more livable when I am so depressed?
What is your review of Tom and Jerry The Movie (1992)?
How can I increase my reading speed while retaining and comprehending what I've read?
What is the difference between Indian civil service requirements, training and qualifications compared with other countries?
What is the difference between the gross profit margin and net profit margin of a firm?
What speed is considered a good Internet speed for household purpose? I mean, Wi-Fi and stuff. How should one find out the Internet speed of one's router?
Given the trillions of objects orbiting the sun in the Asteroid, Kuiper-Edgeworth and Oort Belts, why haven't more coalesced to form planets?
What was your biggest fear and how did you overcome it?
To what extent has Gibbon's History of the Decline and Fall of the Roman Empire stood the test of time?
What are the pros and cons of V6 and inline-6 engines?
What were the major contributions of the political leaders during WW1, and how are the compared to the ones during the First Sino-Japanese War?
Two days ago I was attacked by spam on Facebook. When I changed my password and logged back in, Facebook said that I was attacked by a malware, and need to scan with the Eset online scanner, and provided an Eset app, but it isn't running on my PC. So I am now unable to login, as the scan is required. What should I do?
With the FAA receiving over 25 reports every month of drones flying close to airports and endangering air traffic, have they, in conjunction with law enforcement agencies, been successful in locating the owners of the drones and prosecuting them?
I have a male friend who I have been interested in. After I told him we acted normal and then I started acting needy. How do I get us back to normal?
Who really has all the power and directs the critical decisions of the UK?
How are street names assigned in American towns and cities? Who decides what a particular street be called?
What is the relation between voltage and frequency in electrical power system?
What are some examples of deuteromycota and how are they formed?
How can I use Omegle on my iPod Touch and how is it compared to using iMeetzu?
What does it feel like to have been on a jury/prosecutor that convicted someone and sent them to prison, and then find out later that the convict is actually innocent?
What is the history of Power Rangers and why are there so many versions?
Why are most of the people in Delhi rude, abusive and insensitive on roads? Or is it just a language or cultural miscommunication ?
I am a 29 year old unmarried male. Suddenly I have stopped watching porn and don't feel the need to masturbate. Is this normal?
Why do we refer to recently deceased people as \"late\", and how long is appropriate to refer to them using this adjective?
What are the rules and regulations when visiting an inmate at Valdosta prison and how does it compare to prisons in Arizona?
What would be the cost to develop and maintain an app like WhatsApp?
Can I get a job or internship at Google, Microsoft, and other big companies with a CGPA of around 8.5?
What was the main and triggering event that led to WW2?
What is the purpose of life and how one can find one's purpose of life?
Can taking a whey protein shake after workouts and before bed increase natural HGH production, and why?
How do I configure an SDN controller as a master and slave role in OpenDaylight, Floodlight, Ryu or Beacon?
Given m and n are positive integers such that for some positive integer, x, \\sqrt {x+43} =m[/math] and \\sqrt {x+16} =n[/math], what is the value of the product mn as a positive integer?
If you are a woman that got impregnated by an Alien and then gave birth to this baby 8 months later, would you keep it?
What is the effect and meaning of Donald Trump's sexual appraisal of his daughter and enjoinder to another man to appraise her sexual appeal?
Is IIT everything? Or NIT and IIIT is also a good option?
Is it good to do gym at morning and swimming at noon?
Human Rights: Is freedom of speech and expression really followed in India?
What causes that feeling of nausea and repulsion that you get after having intercourse with certain women?
Singapore is an expensive country and safe. But how do I enjoy life and be successful, as a Singaporean?
In what ways are the gaming and movie industries alike? How are they different?
I told my brother about my anxiety, and now he's making fun of me. What do I do?
Why is India importing missiles and weapons from America and Russia? Why can't India produce their own?
I am looking for a job change, but I'm unable to attend the interviews as I feel nervous and a fear of rejection. How can I help myself get out of this situation?
Why are the duels between Harry and Voldemort so lackluster when compared to Dumbledore and Voldemort?
What's better, a 2013 Ford Focus SE or a 2013 Mazda I SV? Both the same price and Mazda has 10k miles less than the Ford.
I have a crush on this guy and every time we see each other we make eye contact and he smiles at me then looks away while smiling what does it mean?
What are the most interesting products and innovations that Barnes Group is coming out with in 2016?
What do Magic Leap employees think of TheVerge's and The Information's revelations?
Why is Quora app is so irritating and annoying? Keeps closing or restarting every 2 minutes
Is it possible to activate and use both 2G and 3G data pack in the same SIM (airtel prepaid)?
Why do tiny black dots appear on my skin and on my face over time? What should I do about them?
What effects would cheap and easy solar system travel have on our economy?
I have been getting on well with a girl and we like eachother and then all of a sudden she gives me short answers on texts. What shall i do?
Why do Non Pakistanis ask questions on behalf of Pakistan and Pakistanis, and then again its the Non Pakistanis answer these questions unabashedly?
Can I use a coax cable for cable internet (i.e., Optimum) and satellite TV (i.e., Direct TV)?
What would an album co-written by John Lennon, Paul McCartney and Brian Wilson sound like in the mid-60s?
Why does Japan try hard to divide its East Asia and ASEAN in order to create war in ASEAN on behalf of the U.S.?
Can I wear wedding lehenga in the party and from where can I get the best Indian Lehenga?
What are the most abundant natural resources in New York, and how do these resources compare to the ones in California?
Which colleges in/near New York offer VFX and 3D animation courses?
Do elecrical engineers (ms) at sjsu end up getting internships and then h1b visa.What is the success rate of this happening?
How can I significantly improve my Java and algorithm design skills in one month?
In NITK, Surathkal M. Tech Project work grade are not considered for SGPA and CGPA calculations, Which other NIT's or IIT's follow this rule?
What is it like to study and live in Indonesia as a foreign student?
What are the dimensions of the emitter and collector in a typical BJT?
How do I launch, market and distribute my tea brand in India?
What is data science and how can I become a data scientist?
What does Germany look like, and how does its geography compare to Austria's?
How do I learn to be more patient and understanding about my unemployed older brother?
What are the side effects (positive and negative), if any, of masturbation?
What are the advantages and disadvantages of studying an MBBS in China?
I am a third year B.Tech student from Jaipur. I have an idea for an e-commerce website and I have prepared a B-plan for it. I am looking to build a startup from this idea but do not want to drop out. How can I manage both things together?
What are the essential components to analyze, crack and write a program for an Algorithm?
What are some of the Flipkart, Amazon and Snapdeal hacks to get discounts?
Is it normal to experiment as a child with the same sex and what kind of stuff do you do?
What are some great exercises to promote weight loss and end up losing 40 pounds in 3 months?
What is the difference between IIT boys and private college boys?
What is the difference between data types and data structures in C language?
Is proteinx a good product for protein intake and can we use it for daily basis?
What can one do to help enrich, contribute, and improve the Philippines and the Filipino culture?
What is a steering ratio and how do you calculate it?
Where can I buy best quality short and tea length wedding dresses in Gold Coast?
I am a lesbian and really love my ex but she has a new boyfriend. We are still close to each other and I want to get her back. What should I do now?
What are the strongest majors in terms of job prospects and what are the weakest majors at Northern Michigan University?
How do I prepare mathematics and aptitude part for GATE 2016?
What can I do as a guy to look more attractive? I already shower and do all of the obvious things. I would like to impress a girl
While good food is the input to keep both mind and body running, then why pay some more and some less?
What are some reasons some girls stare at you or look at you and then turn away when you catch them?
What are some signs of a backdraft and how can we identify them?
Is Arun Sharma's data interpretation and logical reasoning book good to work with beginners?
What actually is Machine Learning? What level of mathematics and statistics are needed to start learning it?
How good is Puma ignite as a runner and how well does it fair as a trainer shoe?
What are the parallels between the role of a neuron in a neural network and the role of a person in a social media network?
How much money will require to open Smartphone company and what to do for it Step by step?
I'm Graduated from University of Delhi in commerce. I love sketching, drawing and photography . I 'm stuck at this situation. what to do in future?
After our 1st date that lasted only 90 mins for dinner, he tried to kiss me and texted saying he had a lot of fun. Is he interested or being nice?
Why do people ask questions on Quora and then answer them themselves?
Why do some women insist on spending so much time with their husband/boyfriend instead of being less attached and allowing the man to do his own thing more often while they do their own thing?
I want to go Shimla for a road trip, and I need a bike for that. So, from where can I rent one?
If there was a war between India and the United Kingdom, who would win?
What websites have good articles and are like magazines of some sort?
If you are an Indian and suffer from cancer, would you divorce your wife and ask her to settle with another person?
What is the best diet plan and exercises to destroy belly fat completely?
How do I prepare for civil services while doing my job and from where I can get the materials to prepare for it?
What is the difference between opportunity and project in Microsoft dynamics?
If my driver's license is suspended in Texas and I move to Arkansas, can I obtain a driver's license there?
What is the difference between lap length and development length in steel reinforcement?
What seems to be the contrast of behaviors (good or bad) between a liberal and a conservative when discussing their political views?
What is it like flying from Bangkok to Manila and how are these touristic cities compared to Kolkata?
What is the average IQ of the current 2015 Congress and how does their average IQ compare to the general US population?
When should one use try catch and when should one avoid using try catch in Java and why?
What are good ways to stay calm and focused while under high pressure?
Is it possible to have a prolong period and test positive for pregnancy?
Does the lack of religious/cultural diversity and freedom make Islamic nations non-progressive, fanatical and non-tolerant? Is there statistical data to support this situation?
What are the best ways to get people to laugh and smile when taking their photo?
I am looking to buy a motorcycle and I am confused b\\w Two bikes bajaj pulsar 220 and bajaj v Or please suggest me any other bike under 1lakh rupees
Imagine your friend has been offered  dollar 100,000. However, your friend has to offer you a portion of the  dollar 100K and you have to accept the amount in order for him/her to receive the rest. If he/she offers you  dollar 1, would you accept?
Can anyone give me tips for gym routine and food intake for gaining weight?
Who pays the artists, technicians, distributors, theatre owners and all other people involved in a movie?
Do psychic powers like knowing the future and what others think exist? How is it possible?
What is the time span that Lord Rama and Lord Krishna spent on Earth?
What is the best way to buy medical and term life insurance, online or via an agent?
What would be the best plan/problem to address and idea to sole problem with recovered black money on ban of 500Rs/1000 Rs?
Which is a suitable inpatient drug and alcohol rehab center near White County GA?
What does Theresa May have in common with Hillary Clinton, and how would the Special Relationship evolve with the two of them at the helm?
Can I opt for GS at Vajiram and optional at Sriram for IAS preparation?
Will the current tension between India and Pakistan result in a war?
What are the most interesting products and innovations that Harris is coming out with in 2016?
How far is Saturn from the Sun and how does its proximity affect the planets characteristics?
What would happen if I ate 800 calories for a week with strength training and cardio then went back to my regular deficit of 1500?
How do you experience living and working in Singapore as an Indonesian?
Can I go for a master's degree in computer science after being a graduate in electronics and communication with work experience in a non-IT field?
What is the relation between voltage and frequency in power system?
So if your wife or girlfriend, has a massive dildo/ vibrator, and always fucking it , is that cheating?
Why is America named after Amerigo Vespucci and not Christopher Columbus?
When do we feel lost and with no energy to think?
Would you rather be rich and miserable or poor and happy, and why?
What is the difference between native class and native methods in Java?
Why is it racist to present an image of black people as liking fried chicken and watermelon? How did this stereotype come to be?
Did you ever kill a dog? If you did, what was your reason and did you eventually regret it?
How many numbers between 100 and 500 are divisible by 3 or 7?
I just ate a full pack of Maryland chocolate chips and my leg is numb, what's going on?
If my brother is vaporizing weed in his room, and I walk in, can I get high?
How can you write a C program to compute the sum and average of a 5 integer number?
Is it possible to take advantage of the shifting time zones and provocativenessof different time zones in the world?
I have loved her for 4 years. She got married, and I am unable to forget her. She knows that I love her. How do I forget her?
What can I use to emulate 3DS games like Pok\u00e9mon X and Y? Where can I get the Pok\u00e9mon X and Y ROM?
How do the teachings, learning, followership and/or fellowship of Hinduism, project, propel and propagate the artificial intelligence and/or alternative reality?
Why is the NYC Fire Department called the FDNY and not the NYFD like the Police Department (NYPD)?
I enjoy writing and messing with software such as Photohop, Illustrator and After Effects. What career will suit me best?
What would the world be like if Galileo Galilei, Sir Isaac Newton, and Albert Einstein hadn't existed or hadn't gotten involved in scientific study?
What does it mean when a guy likes a girl/is obsessed with her and gets mad at her for going on a date with another guy?
How many Indians took USMLE and what is the success rate?
What are the most interesting products and innovations that York Water is coming out with in 2016?
Why do my periods start and then stop and start again?
What do the people from England, Wales and Scotland think about the Irish accent?
Can we mix honey, milk and lemon and apply on face for men?
Which one is better for a happy and stable life, monogamous or polyamourous relationship?
What is a catchy name for an ladies and kids wear shopping website, which is not common?
I recently met a girl and we've been on only two dates. It's only been about three weeks since we've met. Now, she's asking me to meet all of her siblings and her cousins (no parents) at a dinner in two weeks from now. Why would she want me to meet her family so soon?
What is a good inpatient drug and alcohol rehab center near Murray County GA?
Why is Willow (1988 movie) not streaming and so expensive on DVD, but not on Blu-ray?
Do you think Walt could have saved Hank as he saved himself and Jesse so many times with his intelligence and wittiness? Was that because the show had to end at that point?
Is it legal in India for two legally married couples (2 men and 2 women) to have sex together in the same room and do a foursome?
Would it be wise for a CA to appear for RBI Grade B, Bank PO and other similar exams? Will it help in career growth?
What is difference between international unlocked and US factory unlocked smartphones?
Would you rather be beautiful and social or smart and rich?
Who are some lesser known important historical figures of Barbados and what should people know about them?
Why do people stare at me in the metro and market places in Delhi just because I wear skimpy clothes?
How do I get over an ex who is already moved on and happy in another relationship?
What should I do make my voice soft and improve my voice quality for singing?
How do I install VLC, GCC Compiler and Java in Fedora 22?
Could you toss a fair coin 1 million times and get heads on all of them?
Has it ever happened to you that you were studying and a part of the topic got you sad to tears?
Do people write fake stories on Quora? Because many of them are very emotional and make me cry. So either world is too good or they write fair stories
What, if any, is the nature of work that George Soros and his 'Open Society Foundations' has done in India?
Are the passwords for mobile banking and net banking the same for a particular bank?
What is the procedure for attestation (with duration and fee) of educational documents in New Delhi for job in Malaysia?
What is the difference between deterministic and probabilistic models? What are the examples of each?
What is the difference between \"I have a passion\" and \"I am being passionate\"?
Who will win a debate between Dawkins and William Lane Craig?
What is the difference between \"attempt\" and \"try\" in the following sentences?
If I buy a pound of hamburger on sale for  dollar 1 that is normally  dollar 5, and I throw it out, have I wasted  dollar 1 or  dollar 5?
How much do Daniel Wellington watches cost to make and how much markup do retailers earn?
What is the distinction between freeways marked in light orange and those marked in dark orange on the new Google Maps?
Why is there a dispute over territory and rights in the South China Sea?
What are the most fun and entertaining side quests in Skyrim?
If there is far more pages on the Internet than there were, how come there are less and less results appearing on Google when I search for something?
How do you lose belly and thigh fat as a teenager?
Does rubbing 70 percent ethanol over my glasses and my smartphone's glass with a piece of cotton kill adenovirus?
What are some workouts to increase footwork and foot speed in football?
How do I get seed funding for a startup, which is ready with an idea team adviser and business alliances? What does the seed investor look for apart from this?
What is the difference between Ray Ban and other brands of sunglasses?
How and where should I start for the development of web applications, in addition to Javascript and technology that will be in demand in the coming 5 years (Ruby on Rails/Python/Django/Flask, asp.net, Java)?
What is the greatest question and answer you've come across on Quora?
I have slipped disc from over 6 months now. I feel helpless. I lost my job, my gf and my self esteem. I am not in condition of doing work. I want to commit suicide. What should I do?
What is it like being a mother with bipolar disorder and having a child or children who have bipolar disorder?
What is a mainframe computer and what is one typically used for?
Can I use a grill microwave oven to bake a pizza? It doesn't have preheating and it is a grill only microwave, with Micro Grill, Grill & Combination Grill cooking methods.
What are the most trustworthy and fairly-priced cell phone unlocking sites in India?
What are 13.1 and 26.2 stickers and what do they mean?
What distance did Chris Kyle make the shot from when he killed that enemy sniper and how difficult was it to most sharp shooters?
If you were the captain of the RMS Titanic, would you revoke the \"women and children first\" protocol for loading lifeboats?
I will be making an  dollar 85,000 salary when I graduate. How and where will it be possible to live comfortably in New York?
What is a suitable inpatient drug and alcohol rehab center near Telfair County GA?
Which is a suitable inpatient drug and alcohol rehab center near Winston County AL?
Are feelings, like; doubt, confusion, and uncertainty a part on the emotional spectrum?
I am very poor in taking decisions in my life and my past experience proved it. How can I improve my decision making skills?
Is it possible to know when and how will I die?
What is the difference between a software engineer and a software design engineer?
How do you understand Whitman's Song of Myself \"i lean and loafe at my ease observing a spear of summer grass\"?
How do Bangalore bus routes compare to Shimla's, and what authority oversees them?
What are signs of a bad transmission control module and is it safe to drive when it's bad?
Is there a sports complex in VIT Vellore, where girls and boys can play Table tennis together?
I am an NRI having income from property, FD and capital gains. Do I need to file a balance sheet with the income tax return in India?
Which are the major highways in California and how are they compared to the major highways in Wyoming?
My business partner keeps taking money from the company's business bank account and uses it to buy personal stuff. I talked to him many times but he still does it anyway. What do you think I should do with him?
Is 2Mbps a good speed for browsing and downloading limited things over broadband? Should I choose 4Mbps?
If I purchase an iPhone with a bad ESN or if it's iCloud locked and resell it will I get in trouble?
After I confessed my love to my crush. He rejected me and now is ignoring me, why is that?
Did Taliban ban Bollywood films and music in Afghanistan during their rule?
I am having an Dell Inspiron 3542 i3 processor in it and nvidia geforece820m can I upgrade my processor and graphics card?
If I upgrade my windows 8.1 to windows 10 and I had an active windows 8.1, do I have an active windows 10 or not?
What is the difference between \u4e0d\u592a\u597d and \u592a\u4e0d\u597d in Mandarin Chinese?
I'm planning to buy either of Nissan Skyline GTR,, Toyota Supra and Mazda Miata. Where can I find them and the average cost of those used cars?
ComedK Application: I have a Minor's PAN card and nothing else as ID. Can I use it as a unique id for ComedK application?
I want to write an email to my boss about. I have scanned all the documents and here I am sending to you. how to write an official email?
My 2 year old will hear a song a couple of times and will always remember it if he hears it play again. Is this an indicator for talent in music?
Why does Quora succeed in spite of having some other Q and A websites like Yahoo Answers and Wiki Answers?
What can I do if I'm 11 and I think I'm pregnant?
Which was the best tank of the 1960s and 70s? Leopard 1, M-60, AMX-30, Chieftain, or T-62?
Is Melania Trump fair game in Debate #2? She lied about graduating from college and may have been kicked out for plagiarism.
Who were the first main users of Splunk, and what was their profile? Sysadmins, developers, other?
If you have two photons with equal wavelengths and one has a bigger amplitude, what would that mean, would the photon have more energy?
Why do some people that are very good in selling on Amazon and other platforms give free information and tips to other people? (potential competitors)
What would you think about not going to college and going after what you actually want to do in life?
I'm thinking of a destination wedding with two witnesses; along with a few family and friends. Has anyone experienced this? Would it be hard to do?
What is the breakdown of petrol price in India, and how much of it is taxes?
My doctor has prescribed me with MDD XR 50 (desvenlafaxine) a few months ago for an anxiety disorder and depression. Now I want to stop it. But once I skip it, the next day I am vomiting, have irritation and indigestion-like symptoms. What should I do?
What are the main differences between OSI and TCP/ IP reference models?
What is the nearest airport to Daytona Beach, and how do this cities tourist attractions compare to Tampa's?
Will Sundar Pichai quit his position as CEO and work for the government of India if Narendra Modi offers him to?
Why do we care for others' opinion and about what others think about us?
Do all US Senators and House members have the same budget and number of staff members?
(Going into Junior Year) I have a 3.8 weighted GPA and a 33 ACT score. What colleges can I be looking at getting into? Any Ivy Leagues?
What is a pardon turkey and why do they get pardon?
Can a Canadian citizenship application be denied or rejected if the one applies for it and leaves Canada for any reason (when Bill C-6 becomes a law)?
What would happen if all the American pennies and nickels were sold to the government and melted down to liquid metal?
Why did US, the UK, Canada, West Germany, Australia and New Zealand contribute  dollar 1 billion (at 1959 rates) for the facilitation of Indus Water Treaty?
The built in calendar app on the iPad, iPhone, and iPod touch updates its icon daily, so why doesn't the weather app?
Has the loss of jobs, manufacturing experience, and intellectual property been worth the lower prices allowed by outsourcing?
How do I ask out a cute and petite girl at my school?
What is the difference between moods and tenses in English grammar?
I want to buy a mobile phone with Android OS and the price should be near 15 k with the good quality and no heating issues. which smartphone should I purchase?
How much tax I have to pay if my income is 36lacs/year (salaried income Rs. 12 lacs and professional income of 24lacs. I invest 1.5lacs in PPF/LIC)?
I don't have any girl friends in my school and college days due to my shyness.But what should Ido to overcome it and talk sensibly with girls?
How safe is it to buy and keep gold on Paytm?
Have you ever taken a job at a call center and learned you were part of a scam?
What is the difference between an independent executive director and an independent non executive director in indian companies?
Can one create a Wikipedia page on their own and fake achievements on it?
Why do American cities have so many cameras on streets (like seen in many movies) and why don't Indian cities have this this thing?
What are the alternatives for student id and bonafide for passport application?
We took my wife's Raleigh Classic Deluxe bicycle out for a spin and about 2k, and her pedal seized up and now she cannot push the pedals forward. What is wrong with it, and how can I fix it?
What if my friend got her last period on 03/11/16 and until now she has not gotten her period. Does that mean she is pregnant?
How good is the MSc Innovation, Entrepreneurship and Management at Imperial College London ?
When I'm about to force a lucid dream, my heart beats fast due to my sensation and the dreamy state fades away. How can I improve?
What is the difference between DNB and MD/MS. Which one is of higher value?
So\u2026Say you won the game of \"life\" and you get to make the new universe your way. What would you do?
Can I do a PhD in Teaching and Curriculum after one year of teaching at schools?
For a hybrid car competing in a race for the highest fuel efficiency and the fastest time what would be the best tyre and chassis configuration?
Where do you see Indian Rupee (INR vs  dollar ) and Petrol price in the next 1 year?
What would it be like if all the marvel superheroes were real and what governments or people would be on them?
What is your favorite quote and your explanation of what it means to you?
I am drinking 3 litres of water daily and doing only yoga nd household chores is it ok?
If I am going on a diet cutting out white bread and rice and pasta. Is it OK to eat brown bread and rice?
Can Shia and Sunni Muslims be compared to Catholic and Lutheran Christians?
What is an artificial intelligence and what are design parameters of Artificial Super Intelligence?
Which are the best mentors and startup teams in Silicon Valley?
What is it like flying from Bangkok to Manila and how are these touristic cities compared to Chongqing?
What are some good associations and social networks to join as a marketing director?
What is meant by hard pull (inquiry) and soft pull of one\u2019s credit history report?
What towns are located near the Kilauea, and how does this volcano's activity compare to other volcanoes in the Pacific?
Does the symbol  at  have a name, and how did this symbol originate?
I have 86 percent in 10th, 75 percent in 12th my marks in maths in 10th are 84 and in 12th are 57. Does this mean I won't get a call after clearing a MBA entrance?
Is there a major difference between computer engineering and computer hardware engineering?
If you found a genie and had 3 wishes, what would you wish for?
Can you correct this sentence? I just graduated and I have No experience worm?
What is the relation between RPM current and voltage in a DC motor?
Doesnt the zero energy universe imply that all actions and their opposites are happening at the same time?
What is the difference between using prescribed Xanax vs having a beer or two to treat anxiety? Both are addictive and both have negative consequences of overuse. Is one better than the other?
Can any other person restrict any hus and wife to lead conjugal life?
Which is a suitable inpatient drug and alcohol rehab center in Madison County ID?
Is western practical medicine really just naming things in latin and prescribing any drugs as told by pharma companies?
What are some local laws in regards to nudity in Vermont, and how do they differ from nudity laws in Florida?
Why are conservatives generally against conservation and progressives generally against progress?
What are the top universities in Germany and Canada for an MS in automobile or aerospace?
What kind of economy does Switzerland have, and how is France's different?
How can we reduce hips, thighs and calves without strenuous exercises?
Why does civic public communication and discourse seem so hollow in modern India?
My 19 year old son, has no father figure, and has no ambition, no job, no car but s a good kid?
What is the scope of C++ and JAVA in the future? are they worth learning?
If you are trying to encourage/comfort someone and they refuse to accept it, do you just give them space or keep checking on them?
How do I select High- neck thigh lengh tops and matching pants models or designs?
What should I do if I'm attracted to my therapist and I miss her between sessions?
What are the strongest majors in terms of job prospects and what are the weakest majors at Seattle University?
What is the ideal weight and height of 5 year old Indian coupel boy?
What is the difference between inheritance by multiple alleles and polygenic inheritance? How are they similar?
What was the production of artwork intended for in Hawaii and how is it compared to the one intended for in Minnesota?
What are some good video editing software for YouTube and why are they compatible for YouTube?
If a given amount of energy was gathered into a 0 dimension point, could it create a Big Bang and therefore a universe (with space time, energy, etc.)?
What is borderline personality disorder, and how can it be treated?
What is the best teacher and student relationship story you know?
Can my employee options and RSUs be in a self-directed Roth IRA?
What is the difference between AAVMC and AVMA in terms of veterinary?
What are top ten movies of any language and genre one should watch in their lifetime?
Which is the easiest profession and the most difficult profession in the modern world?
How do I stop feeling regretful everytime and be more confident about myself?
For anyone who is working at Google and used TopCoder to prepare for their Google interview, what division and point level questions did you mostly do to prepare for your interview?
What does the recent Brexit and Trump's popularity tell us about mass intelligence?
How does Prothrombin Time (PT) reflect the extrinsic pathway and Partial Thromboplastin Time (PTT) the intrinsic pathway in the coagulation cascade?
Does a lazy man who sits home all day with the kids, and whose wife has to work, have a better chance than her of getting custody in a divorce?
How can I get through the online process among thousands of applicants and get an interview for business internships in a tech firm like Facebook/Google/MS?
What does  percent S,  percent R, and  percent D do on Python 2.7?
Who are the successful people who believe that less sleep is enough and is necessary to achieve greatness?
Suicide: What is the most quick and effective way to kill yourself?
There're about 5 different people who pick on me all the time and I'm scared to stand up for myself. What do I do?
Should I continue collecting offers of Indian IT company during 3 months notice period and join only one? Will they black list me in their database?
My 5 years old son doesn't want to train (table tennis) and every time I take him to the club he starts to cry. I talked to him gently many times and urged him to go at times. What should I do?
What purpose does oxygen have for the human body, and how does it affect the body?
When will India look like U.S., Germany, France and other developed countries?
How can I get someone's search and browsing history through IP address?
How should I train and eat to get a body like Alexis Ren?
How are careers in statistics changing and what's necessary to stay current?
If you are suffering from all tuberculosis, sugar and High Blood pressure, what to eat?
What's is your NEET 2016 score and rank? Also mention which phase of NEET.
How should one respond if his ex-girlfriend still admires him and expresses her love for him even after separation?
Is it true that IAS/IPS officers slip into severe depression and beome psychopaths after retirement?
Will there be crossovers from Mattel and Hasbro if the merger is a done deal?
Why is it that so many teachers come into the job idealistic and sweet and leave sour, miserable, hateful old prunes?
Base angles of triangle are 22.5 and 112.5 ratio of base to the height of the triangle?
What are the best college in india for electronics and communication engineering?
How much do the stars of Naked and Afraid get paid?
If an iPhone is baked in an oven, do any toxic fumes get released and if so will they contaminate food cooked at the same time?
Is there a way to do sin, cos, and tan without a calculator?
What is the value of A, B, and C if 1/A + 1/B + 1/C= 1?
Where is the best Christmas market in Europe and when is the best time to visit?
What are some of the best and unique ways to propose marriage?
If I am using Raid to kill a cockroach, is covering my nose with my shirt and breathing through it protective enough?
Eating: How do I tell people to stop chewing with their mouth open and not make sound while chewing politely?
Where does the water from the Great Lakes come from, and how does these lakes wildlife compare to Tirifjorden?
Who are the most professional and skilled foreign soldiers you have served with?
How difficult is it to design and make your own headphones?
What important software must an industrial engineer know and what would give him/her an edge for an MS in IE?
I seem to be constantly worried about how my ex and his friends think about me. How can I stop?
In real life, if a person is convicted of murder, but the \"victim\" framed them for murder and faked their own death, can the defendant (if they are paroled) kill the \"victim\" and get away with it due to double jeopardy?
I want to know about the job opportunities and earnings in Australia while I am doing my MSc?
How can companies in India sell private equity to investors without going public, without going to VCs and breaking the law? What are the rules- laws to sell private equity in India?
Which institutes provide final year training and internship to electronics and communication students?
What is the difference between money bill and a constitutional bill?
Are manga scanlation websites like Mangafox and Mangastream legal? What is the legal standing of the operation for such websites?
How is wind energy classified, and how does it differ from thermal energy?
Why are the flags of Australia and New Zealand that similar to the UK's?
How much money a family of two people (One adult and the other one is teenager) should earn to be upper middle class family in India?
Saying people are all the same makes people see differences.Could teaching and sharing the ways races differ make people see how much they're  same?
What are the major differences between Ender's Game (1985 book) and the film adaptation Ender's Game (2013 movie)?
I'm 22 pursuing a chartered accountants course. I am not able to clear my IPCC (Inter) after four attempts. I am completely lost and depressed. I am not able to study or enjoy life. How do I make things right?
Will it make sense to sell of my Royal Enfield STD 350 CI and buy the new Royal Enfield Himalayan?
Are popperism or logical positivism descriptive and normative theories of science.?
What are abiotic factors and how do they affect the ecosystem?
What are the most interesting products and innovations that United Therapeutics is coming out with in 2016?
As an Indian guy who came to the US for studies and subsequently remained there for work, how do I build a social life from scratch?
My boyfriend is perfect when we are happy. Although when we fight, he is very mean and doesn't care about my feelings. What should I do?
Why can you sometimes see the sun and the moon in the sky?
Where can I get very fast, efficient and professional service in Sydney for fire damage cleaning?
What is the story of David and Goliath about? What is the moral behind the story?
Do you believe that our deceased loved ones in heaven can see and pray for us, for the success of our daily activities and goals?
Should you sell your Bajaj Avenger 220 and go for a Royal Enfield Classic 350?
What is difference between WAP-5 and WAP-7 on the Indian railways?
Do adults perceive themselves as superior to children and teens? If so, why or why not?
What do you call a person who thinks he/she is always right, and any other opinion is wrong? How do you deal with such a person?
How do I stop procrastinating and complete the work effectively and on time?
What steps must be taken by indian government to make india litrate and what study pattern must be followed?
What's the Perfect age for presidents and politicians in your opinion?
How can I to get the best service and to buy up to 10 percent off cheap wow gold?
\"International honor\" does this make sense and is this grammatically correct?
What would happen if we added a second Earth of equal size and mass on the other side of the sun in Earth's orbit?
Where can I get efficient and best services for pest control in Hawkesbury?
How can I write a long and nice message to my best friend?
Which is a suitable inpatient drug and alcohol rehab center near Monroe County AL?
I am 15 years old. What are some really good and interesting books I could read?
Is IBS Mumbai good for pursuing an MBA degree and for further placements?
Is doing bsc maths and stats good in india and can I work abroad if I do msc maths and stats from India?
Can a person who has failed for btech exams and later cleared it,gets job through SSC?
Which are some of the most productive and engaging groups on LinkedIn?
How Address Bus, data Bus and control bus working together and how these buses design and name of components that are use in the design process?
What does \"1.7 GHz with Turbo Boost up to 2.7 GHz\" mean, and what is turbo boost? Is this processor sufficient for high-end performance?
Should I trade in my Audi Q7 or Prius and buy a Tesla Model S?
Is it okay to love someone and not have a reason for it?
What are the different classes of cars and what do they exactly mean?
What are some day to day life hacks that armed forces and law enforcement people know but civilians don't?
What is Technology Axes, Technology Atlas, Technology Portfolio and Technology Life cycle w.r.to telecom industry?
Can a 12 year old and a 16 year old date?
How can the drive from Edmonton to Auckland be described, and how do these cities' attractions compare to those in Oshawa?
How do I start a free blog and monetize from it?
I am unemployed, almost all of my friends got placed and looking towards them I feel that my all decisions were wrong what should I do?
How do I know when big box stores like Walmart and Target put non-food items on clearance?
How does second order low pass filter operates using IC 741 and also explain its output expressions for frequency and gain?
When you know someone has a crush on you, and you like this person, will you make the first move, or will you be scared and run away?
Do you want to occupy a 4BHK Independent House equipped with 3 Bathrooms and Study Room situated at 2nd Phase, JP Nagar, Bengaluru?
College and NCAA Football: (NFL) In overtime, is the kicking team allowed to do an onside kick and if successful does the other team get the ball afterwards?
How do I approach a girl and ask for her number?
Which is the most user friendly and efficient project management software out there?
Who are some lesser known important historical figures of Bolivia and what should people know about them?
What is the difference between an \"analytic\" and a \"synthetic\" language?
How is an MSc (IT) at the DA-IICT? How is culture and student life there? What about placements?
What is the difference between Triac and Diac? What are some examples?
The day before yesterday, I was 25 years old, and next year I will turn 28. How is it possible?
What is uTorrent and why do people use it so much?
What is the difference between a debit and credit card? When should you use them?
How can I be good at reading comprehension and reading critical skills?
What can I do with a BSc. in Materials Science and Engineerng and MSc. Mechanical Engineering?
Why do guys make girls fall for them and leave them halfway?
What are the pros and cons of being a health economist?
Does an officer from Territorial Army gets the pension and post retirement benefits just like a regular army officer in India?
I'm 24 years old and still having regular pimples on my face and back. How can I to reduce them? What are all the reasons for this?
What is the cheapest way to ship a bed and mattress across the US?
I failed in the only 2 MNC interviews I attended. One in written aptitude and the other in Voice & accent round. Where did I go wrong?
I am habituated to study just one night before the exam and still get good grades. I am unable to concentrate or study throughout the semester. Why?
I will stay in the US for 2-3 years. I am married and we are working in a VLSI company in Bangalore. Should I take my wife with an F2 visa and then search for a job there or should I ask her to search for jobs in the US from India?
I'm working with a professor on a maximization problem for his paper and I feel he's ignoring a mistake he keeps making. What should I do?
What are the jumps in figure skating and how are they performed?
Could anti-matter be used as a futuristic and efficient form of energy storage?
What are the fixed costs and variable costs of a major airline?
Which is the best treatment of piles and best doctors in India?
How do you bake a 11 pound turkey and how long do you bake a 11 pound turkey?
What are the main uses of a clinical thermometer, and why is its shape prismatic?
What happens in the US if you are ill and don't have insurance?
If I have booked my railway ticket in any AC class and it's not confirmed, then should I be allowed to travel in that class or a sleeper class?
Do you sometimes have the thought \"What if I lose my job, how will I afford rent, food, and entertainment for the month I'm unemployed\"?
What is the location of Palawan, and how does this Island compare to Clipperton Island?
Have you ever met a celebrity and been let down by your experience with them?
I got my Schengen visa from Switzerland Embassy but my point of entry and exit will be in Italy is there any problem on that?
What cell providers in the US allow you to log in to an account on their website and check your SMS messages without requiring access to your phone?
Who do you think Luffy, Zoro and Sanji will end up marrying?
I have been dream and thinking about this boy who's 1 year older than me and I never met him in my whole life .. does it mean he could be real?
What are lumped and distributed networks, and what are some examples of them?
I recently discovered Avatar: The Legend of Korra and was blown away by how much detail is in the animation. How did they do that cost effectively?
I'm a male sophomore in college and see women daily. However I can't get girls and none seem to like me. I want a girlfriend badly. How can I get one?
What is the deepest lake in Europe, and how does this lake's flora and fauna compare to that of Lake Constance?
How do I forget someone I love very deeply and how do I get rid of one sided love?
I am a .net developer (Exp -2 yrs) with knowledge of SAP SD and Security.Having opportunity in SAP security module.Confused b/w .Net & SAP.Please help?
How can I get to know Indian journalists and reporters who are passionate about writing about startups?
Are there people born deaf and blind? If so how do they communicate?
What is the difference between projectile and relative motion using the vector components?
What is the function of input shaft and output shaft on a transmission?
What is the difference between conservative and non-conservative forces from the math point of view?
Why does iron shows maximum of +6 oxidation state while in the same group ruthenium and osmium shows +8 as maximum oxidation state?
What is your advice for going to bed earlier and waking up in a good mood? I am in high school and I hate waking up after just 6.5 hours of sleep.
Which are the best places in Kolkata to learn and improve English, communication skills, personality development, etc.?
What should I do if I'm good at nothing and have no talent at all?
What are the different types of hypotension, and how do they compare to each other?
What is the age of Aquarius and what impact, if any, will it have?
At what point did the American Psychology Association remove homosexuality from the Diagnostic and Statistical Manual of Mental Disorders (DSM)? What were the internal arguments for and against the decision?
Is poverty, crime, addiction, illiteracy, and broken families among African-American communities a long term result of racism and slavery in America?
What is the recruitment plan of Schlumberger this year, and how many Indian graduates are expected to be hired?
Why are the other metals besides gold and copper close in color?
U.S. Army: What is the top Military website where family members and the General Public Interact with Service Men Overseas and thank them?
How do I stop hurting my loved ones because of my bad temper and inability to keep things of past in past?
I just started dating a guy 2 week ago and I realised it's his birthday in 10 days. What should I do for his gift?
I want to do computer engineering but due to so much competition and rush in this branch, will it be difficult to get a good job after graduation?
What is difference between line to line voltage and line to neutral voltage?
What are the funniest and most creative ways to propose marriage?
Why does my dog cry when he eats and his penis comes right out then he has to empty his bowels?
Where can I get best flavors, designs and decorations for cupcakes at Gold Coast?
Have popular police procedurals like Law and Order made it harder for police to browbeat suspects into tactical errors?
What is the prediction for my career, finance, marriage and yoga as per indian astrology
I've been sleeping on the PILLO1 cervical pillow for a while and it has worked wonders for me. Has anyone else reduced their neck pain or gotten better sleep with this pillow?
What is the funniest TV show you've ever seen and why? I'm feeling blue so I could use a pick me up ha
How do warm blooded and cold blooded animals compare and contrast?
Where can one buy the smallest and the best camera for voyeur captures?
How do I download songs from YouTube and share with friends on Whatsapp?
Which politician do you admire most and why across the globe?
Can a happily married man fall in love with someone else and if yes, what do honest men do then?
I have a lot of body hair on my legs and arms and im only 15 , why? And what do girls think of it?
Which are the best Korean and Thai romantic comedy movies to watch?
Have rationalists become too dogmatic about Reason and Critical Thinking? Are Reason and Critical Thinking the new gods-that-are-not-there?
My girlfriend wants me to ask my parents to buy an audi and get Italian marble in our house to match her family's standard. What to do?
How can I make a simple water level indicator and automatic switching off for motor?
What are the effects of the divided government during the W. Bush administration and did it have a positive or negative effect?
Why does my tongue feel dry and thirsty even after I drink a lot of water?
How do I find proxy address and port for a wifi network?
When sending an iMessage I won't come up saying delivered however the person can still read the message and reply back, but then all the iMessages I sent will send as texts?
I am an average-looking person looking to build muscles, and I want an athletic body. What would be a good gym program to follow?
What is your opinion on under-communication and over-communication/poorly-targeted communication, and what books, articles, blogs, or professionals do you suggest to read/follow related to this?
How did people first figure out other languages? Like did they learn theirs, and then have someone else teach them the way they would teach their children?
Have there been politicians who die of heart disease because of the fear of public speaking and the constant need for public speaking in the job?
Can any country (like China) ever sustain long term growth without innovating and just copying successful American companies? We shouldn't follow them?
Can I shoot a video at 24 frames per second and shutter speed slower than 1/24 second?
Will a simple plastic case and a screen protector protect my iPhone 6?
If you knew that you had exactly one year left to live, and you had enough money, what would you do?
Is it possible to trade in the stock market and forex along with a day job?
What are the ways that India and Pakistan can develop a peaceful and a good relation?
What is retopology, and how do you do it with ZBrush?
How safe/unsafe is it to visit Turkey (Istanbul and Cappadocia) in September 2016?
Why is 60Hz AC used in America? What are the advantages and disadvantages of using 60Hz?
I am feeling so busy and poor, How can I change it?
To date, more than 170,000 people (mostly Christians and Shiites) were killed in Iraq by ISIS. Why is nobody talking about this genocide?
Co-founder has not joined startup full-time and refuses to relinquish shares. What should we do?
Sometimes when I feel feverish with body ache and tiredness, if I vomit then I feel like everything is cleared. And it does. Why is this?
Who will win the 5th match between India and Australia in the 2016 Kabaddi World Cup?
What are the ingredients in plain cement concrete and sand cement mixing ratio?
What are some key sites relating to investing and the stock market that I should be monitoring daily?
What is the difference between risk and issue from project management perspective?
When you read a job posting that asks for attention to detail yet has spelling and formatting mistakes, what comes into your mind?
What are two functions of lipids and what are some examples in how its used?
I am in H1B visa now, I have cofounder and investors to start a startup in US. Does my visa allows to start and work for my startup?
Is it all right for a person to admire good leaders and citizens who have contribute to the country progress?
How do you track down a person if you know their name and the rough area of where they live?
If I get an exemption in 2 subjects in CA final exams and I failed in the group, will I be allowed to carry forward both the exemptions or any one of them?
Why do we see sun as a disk and not like a ball?
How is the service quality and plans of Tata Sky in dindigul, Tamil Nadu?
Who is behind the mysterious deaths of Indian nuclear and space scientists and why is this matter not being considered seriously by the Indian government?
Extraterrestrial Life: Could elves, orcs, goblins, and hobbits possibly exist on exoplanets?
What are the advantages and disadvantages of marrying an Indian man?
I have a crush on a guy and we're best friends and he likes me back! But he's my best friends ex boyfriend and she still likes him. Should I tell her?
How does the tap water distribution and sewage disposal system work in Kolkata?
Which are the best educational resources to study power and leadership in organisations for human resource management?
I have been attempting TISS HRM for past 3 years and I'm not making beyond 60 marks. Why am I failing?
What's the latency between shutter button press and the start of the video taking in a GoPro Hero 4?
Where is the Baraka River located, and how does it compare to the Where is the Baraka River located, and how does it compare to the Volga River?
How can we differentiate between the Aedes aegypti female mosquitoes and the male mosquitoes just by looking?
What are the major differences between BigBrother and its Indian version BigBoss?
How to plan a solo trip across India if I don't have much savings and I have resigned from my job with 80 days to go?
Twitter API: Is it possible to get a count of the replies and retweets for a particular tweet?
What is the differents between family wine business and publicly listed companies?
Where does the water from the Great Lakes come from, and how does these lakes wildlife compare to Lake Ohrid?
What is advantages and disadvantages of sexual and asexual reproduction of fungi?
What is a suitable inpatient drug and alcohol rehab center near Faulkner County AR?
When using OS X, is there a way to create a database with company name and email, which then export out into a customized email template?
What are the chances of war between India and Pakistan and its effects on India's economy?
Mario Lopez says he married Ali Landry after six years of dating and divorced in two weeks because he never loved her. Why did they stay together so long? What can others learn from this?
How do Bangalore bus routes compare to Patna's, and what authority oversees them?
How do I download a website (all coding HTML, CSS, JavaScript) and make a similar website in Bootstrap?
Can I be a 6 footer if my dad is 5 foot 7 inches and my mom is 5 foot 3 inches? I am a 13 years and 4 months old and Filipino. Is it possible?
When I run my fan after sometime I feel cold and when I turn off my fan I feel hot ,every time. What is happening to me?
Why is it that jerks and assholes breed more than nice and intelligent individuals?
What should I know and do to build a career in IOT?
I am scoring 135 in JEE Advance 2015 and being in OBC category can I get any branch in any IIT?
What were Queen Victoria's greatest accomplishments and how did they affect the British?
What if my status is in waiting list 3 and chart is prepared for train?
What does Germany look like, and how does its geography compare to Hungary's?
What is the true story if the Nanavathi case and how does it differ from the movie Rustom?
Journalists, Why did Charlie Rose's interview with Putin seem so weak and feel like Putin's own people came up with the questions and told Rose how to react?
Every year political parties ask vote in the name of Marathi identity and Marathi Asmita. What have they done for Marathi and Marathi people?
How do I determine the front and back pitch of a wave winding of a DC machine?
I have a nice personality, I'm 26 years old, I have a lot of bucks, I am software engineer, and I'm planning for my own business. How can I find a girlfriend (still searching)?
What are the some cool tips and hacks for \"Mini Militia\"?
Are you over weight if you weigh 115 and are an 11 year old girl?
What do you call a person who keeps on loving someone who doesn't respect her and hopes that that person will change for the better?
Why do some Americans leave the US and go to live in Israel?
What are some tips, tricks and gotchas when using Redis with Java?
If you grew up in China and can speak English well, how did you learn it?
What are the benefits and side effects with natural hot springs?
What's difference between staring, gazing, and a blank stare look from a woman?
Where is the Baraka River located, and how does it compare to the Ohio River?
How do I use the mirror feature in 3DS Max and how to use it properly? Even links to help would be good im stuck in study
Is there a difference between \"native\" mini displayport and just mini displayport on Macbok air?
Do we always value things and people only after we've lost them?
What are the responsibilities of the irrigation and water resource department Chhattisgarh?
Who were the children of Persephone and how did they fit into her mythology?
How did communist party won and ruled West Bengal for continuous thirty four years?
Can I technically do all the free Udacity projects and submit them all once registered?
What would happen if you take a truck driver and put him in a sports car?
There's 33 percent of chance to rain in Boston and 62 percent chance of rain in London. What is the chances that it'll rain in both part?
Are there any recommendation engines for stuff other than e-commerce, movies and jobs? How do you go about making a unique one?
Where does Pok\u00e9mon GO get the images and descriptions for Pok\u00e9stops from?
Why do people keep telling me that I'm fat, ugly and suggesting that I should go on a diet or something? And how can I handle that?
What should I do if I think I am pregnant and am only 15 years old?
What are the main similarities and differences between a plant and an animal cell?
Why is the media supporting Israel and is so biased into its reporting?
What is the best way to gain power, respect, and popularity in high school?
Which one is having better confidence, moral and spirit in a battlefield: government militias or the ISIS? Why do you think so?
Why do some men choose to marry women who are plain, needy, dull and uninteresting over women who are smart, educated, attractive and fun?
I masturbate very frequently and want to stop doing this. How do I control myself?
Which devices are considered output devices? Why are input and output devices considered as files?
If a non-Jewish man were to find a donor for IVF that was Jewish and the woman carrying the baby was Jewish, would the child be considered Jewish?
Is VLSI physical design really tough and is it all around analog electronics?
What is the difference between Mumbai Metro and Mumbai Monorail? Are they same or different?
How safe is new Rs 500 and Rs 2000 Indian currency notes?
How do I overcome tiredness and fatigue after working for 9 hours?
How safe is the campus at Texas A&M - Commerce and should anything be done to make it safer?
I love one girl. She just broke up with her ex-boyfriend and I then put my proposal in front of her. She is asking me  to forget her. I do not know what to do now and how to convince her.
If the South won the Civil War and became independent, would it have later joined the axis?
How do I make an Android app and put it on Google Play?
What is the difference between the speed and the torque of a motor?
How do I retrieve mistakenly deleted videos and photos in phone gallery?
I have light brown hair and want to dye it dark brown. How do I keep it dark brown and prevent it from fading back to light brown?
What does it mean when your boyfriend calls some other girl cute and then he tells that she is like his sister? Should I trust him?
Christ was Jewish, his disciples and early converts to Christianity were Jews as well. When and why was Christ and the New Testament denounced and just the Old Testament embraced by Judaism?
How did Muslim minority population in India surge while Jains, Parsis, Jews, and other minorities have stayed roughly the same?
What are the major stereotypes people have about Georgia and to what extent are they true?
Got beaten by a dog last 7/8 days ago, cleaned the wound, and was not able to get vaccinated, will I still get rabies? What will I do?
Where can I get most outstanding residential and commercial painting services in northern beaches?
Incase there is a war between USA and Russia which side would India support?
Have any of you observed the Valak hints in Ed and Lorraine's house? During the breakfast scene and the scene where Judy sees the Nun in their house.
How can I be bachelor for life and have an active sex life?
What is the difference between a pocket veto and the actual veto power of the President of India?
What is the best way to tell a guy to back off when that guy is actually sweet and apparently quite crazy about you but you just don't have any feelings for him?
I'm taking up a BS in management econ. If I change my mind and decide to shift to BBA in the same university I go to, would there be a problem?
I want to quit my govt bank job and study for UPPSC upper subordinate?
What are the most interesting products and innovations that Thor Industries is coming out with in 2016?
What are the best ways to study and remember what I study?
If someone looks Arab, should they date and marry a Jewish or blonde women to avoid racism and guarantee wealth?
What happens if you get pulled over in PA and you forgot your wallet at home?
A particle moving with constant velocity it's average velocity it's instantaneous velocity and it's speed are all equal. True or false.Explain why?
I'm a 3rd year mechanical engineering student. I have published the journal in IJERA with my mini-project (international journal of engineering research and application) and my CGPA is 7.1 up to 5th semester. I want to join an IIT or IISC for my MS. Is this possible?
What is the name of the Hollywood movie whose name is related to a flight and it is R Rated in which there is a lot of nudity?
My passion is riding my motorcycle and travelling. How do I make a career out of it?
Which is the best book for idioms and one word substitution for the UPSC?
How do I get in off campus placements and what should I do for it?
Which are more beneficial, being certified in CCNA, CCNP, CCIE and working as a network administrator or being a program and web developer?
What happens to the profits generated from schools and colleges owned by societies and trusts?
How can I find the x and y-intercepts of a graph of a function?
How do you perform a factory restore on a gateway laptop, and how does the procedure differ for other laptop brands?
What are the changes that have been made by the Canadian government in immigration policy and in the Federal Skilled Worker Program (FSWP)?
Should a woman ever cross the patient/doctor boundary and make friends (just friends) with their female GP?
Why would fiction be so important and so vital to our lives?
What is the difference between MCB and MCCB? Where can it be used?
Being really interested in programming and coding (web and app) should I go for CSE dual degree (BTech + MTech)? What are the advantages and disadvantages? Is it helpful from a job perspective?
How many spherical moons, dwarf planets and terrestrial planets are there in the Solar System?
Can we turn mass to energy and vice versa or is it theoretical only?
As a guy with a extra-large penis-- 8 inches and very thick... what can I do to get more sex?
I am getting very much frustrated thinking about my future and not being able to concentrate on my studies. What should I do?
How can I show a keyboard with numbers and symbols when selecting an alpha numeric data field in the android browser
What does Germany look like, and how does its geography compare to Iceland's?
How can I combine daily smoking of cannabis with a healthy life (exercising and working considering I only smoke after dinner)?
Can anyone throw light on the placement scenario and future scope after doing 5 year Dual Degree course in Biochemical Engineering and Biotechnology from IIT Delhi?
How many numbers between 200 and 300 are such which are divisible by 13?
A plan offers unlimited data and 1 GB of LTE Data, what does this mean?
Who are some lesser known important historical figures of Philippines and what should people know about them?
What are the applications of big data and Hadoop in manufacturing?
I scored 180 marks in JEE mains 2016 and expecting 94 percent in cbse board. Which rank will i get?
What is the scope growth and future in BIPM in TCS?
I heard from my friend that IIT(BHU) is very strict and not much student friendly comparing to other IITs. Is this true?
What are the drawbacks and benefits associated with moving business unit and corporate HQ to another country?
I am preparing for UPSC-IAS. Many of my friends read lots of outside materials like novels, biographies, and autobiographies. I feel I'm lagging behind as they say it'll help them in the interview. Is this true?
What does it feel like to die and come back to life?
I am travelling to Manila, Philippines in coming march for two weeks, and have about a week to visit local nearby and cheap tourist attractions. Any suggestions?
Why is RNA single stranded in general and not double stranded like DNA?
What is the reason for the presence of a single coil and inductor coil in the wattmeter?
How much money does it cost to start and then run a question and answer website like Quora?
Is there a difference between \"native\" mini displayport and just mini displayport on Mac boo air?
What are the most common Silicon Valley/Bay Area beliefs and attitudes that are not shared by people outside of this area?
What was the significance of the battle of Somme, and how did this battle compare and contrast to the Battle of Taiyuan?
Why are there awards shows like the Oscars and Grammys? What was the original motivation to give awards to art?
Why Scribd use HTML5 player and flash player  at the same time?
What are the main differences between hydraulic and pneumatic? Why are hydraulics more widely used?
What is the difference between public and non-public figure and how can you become public or non-public?
I can't find the name of a sauce/dressing. It was at a Mediterranean restaurant, and it was similar to ranch dressing. What sauce is this?
What are the pros and cons of smoking weed and alcohol?
Which is the best book for special and general relativity with mathematics?
What is the difference between { \\beta  }^{ - }[/math] and { \\beta  }^{ + }[/math] decay?
How does it feel when you are in a huge organisation and you are from a local college and all around you are from IIT/NIT?
How do Bangalore bus routes compare to Srinagar's, and what authority oversees them?
I have very hairy arms. I am 16 and a female. Should I shave them?
My best friend told me she was going to do something illegal for the money, and I told her parents. She hates me now. What can I do?
How many hours should I cook bone broth; and is diarrhea a common side effect?
How effective is Q-sera serum/lotion for hair loss and hair regrowth? Does it have any side effects?
What do lobbyist do in the government and what are some examples of their actions?
Indian student (CBSE) what should be my percenatge in 11 and first sem of class 12 to get into Purdue university (engineering) for a sat score of 1300?
How can I power two elements of 5V and 12V using a 12V battery?
My husband always sends me negative posts about marriage and says that he is trying to educate me about latest research about relationships and marriage. Can anybody tell me what message he is passing to me ? Your answers are appreciated.
In which country are Indians given equal opportunities in private jobs and government jobs in the UK or Canada?
How do arrogant people react and feel when they are ignored?
What should I do if I love a girl and she apparently doesn't love me?
How can I concentrate on studies and increase my seating capacity with books?
What is the poorest country in Asia, and how does its death rate compare to the poorest country in America?
You doing a lots of hardwork and if other is not do work than you fall of exam and other is pass that exam than what to do?
In a ticket booked for one couple, if one passenger gets a confirmed berth, and the other is still waitlisted after chart preparation, can the waitlisted passenger board the train?
My cook doesn't cook well and is really slow. He is married with 2 kids and has no other job. If we fire him he will have no income. What should I do?
How do I calculate cement aggregate and sand in KG by knowing the ratio, say 1:2:4?
Which is the best coaching class for IES and GATE in Delhi for civil engineering?
What is a good inpatient drug and alcohol rehab center in Hickman County KY?
What is the most advanced LASIK/laser eye surgery technology that exists today and in the near future, commercially available as well as prototype?
Which is a suitable inpatient drug and alcohol rehab center near Greene County GA?
How would I run away from home, claim a lottery jackpot and disappear so my parents can never find me for life?
What are your thoughts on Apple's iPhone 7 and other new products announced on September 7, 2016?
I did a big mistake by asking him out. He stopped talking to me and my friends. After few months he became normal.Does he like me?
What are the important chapters of physics and maths for TMISAT? Are the questions difficult?
What is the difference between computer science and computer engineering? Can both interchange careers?
What are the benefits of green jasmine tea, and how do they compare to those of echinacea tea?
I need a wholesale buyyer of garments and lather products please contact me ch.badar1211 at gmail.com thankzzz?
To what extent is the Democritus quote \"Nothing exists except atoms and empty space; everything else is opinion\u201d true?
What are all the unwritten and unspoken rules and etiquette for surfing?
How can I make a rectangle iQR code and so that it scans in USA?
Will demonetization of Rs 1000 and Rs 500 help in decreasing the INR to USD currency?
Can pranic healing treat walleyes and cross eyes completely and bring eyes back to normal?
What if this is all a dream and dying is the way to wake up?
What happens when a company gets delisted from the exchange and you still own shares of the company?
What do you think are positive and negative elements of Plato's ideal state?
Will a 6 year education gap between 12th and graduation hinders my chances in bank PO interview?
Is Pokemon Go the first of its kind and why is it so popular?
Police: what are some highly abusive and humiliating ways in which you were handled by police?
Which are some of the productive and interesting people on Quora having less than 1000 followers?
Can all the Indian banks call back the debit/credit cards and issue new debit/credit cards in Rupay? Will it be beneficial or a burden for our economy?
I smoked about 2G of weed in 7 days. It has been 10 days since and my drug test is in 3 days. Will I pass?
I have two American citizen friends who want to co-found a company with me. I do not have US citizenship and am a student with an F1 visa. Is it possible for me to legally be a co-founder?
What are the pros and cons of working for a union?
If I start a new clothing brand in India resembling the same quality and design of international brands, will people intend to buy it?
What is the placement scenario for 2 year MSC Mathematics students in IITs and whether the past graduation records are also taken into account?
What are the most interesting products and innovations that Resource America is coming out with in 2016?
Why should we prefer to keep our \"Last Seen\" and \"Blue Ticks\" off in WhatsApp?
How do you properly change a battery in a fossil watch and does the model make a difference?
I scored 29.6 in XAT 2017 with 4.533 in decision making and good enough to crack the cutoff in other sections. Can I make to next round?
I want to start online business by buying and selling domain names,can anyone tell me best books about domain trading?
What is GST? And what are the advantages and disadvantages of GST?
Should I upgrade to Sennheiser HD-461? Now using HD-202ii. Mostly listen to classicals and watch movies (a lot!).Will the difference be noticible?
What are the advantages and disadvantages of an electronic fund transfer?
I am interested in working for space research and on other hand I want to strive to become a billionaire. What do I have to sacrifice?
What's your experience using Gcov? What should I do  when I have problems with Gcov while compiling with GCC 4.4.7 and the program is doing a multithreading fork simultaneously?
How do I hide my likes and comments from my friends on Facebook?
Which is a good inpatient drug and alcohol rehab center in Douglas County IL?
Why is vitamin B17 banned in the U.S. and is this a good thing?
Where do india stands if we talk about quantum computer and what is future scope for someone if he/she is from computer science background?
Does the Heisenberg uncertainty principle state that it is impossible to find momentum and position or that it is impossible for us now to find them?
In an argument between brain and heart, which one mostly wins?
Can Adhaar card be used as ID proof and ADRESS Proof in ACCENTURE Bangalore?
How can a skinny guy gain weight and develop a fit body?
What does it mean when your girlfriend doesn\u2019t want you to touch their phone and says that she isn't cheating. Should I believe her or not?
What are the longest rivers in Africa and how important are they?
Where and how can I find a good and a true friend?
What happens if I try to convert from H1B to F1, and the F1 gets denied? Do I also lose H1B status?
I am 15 and just came out to my dad as a lesbian, and he said I am just confused and it is just a phase. What do I do?
If Pakistani terrorists are really using Nepal as a platform to smuggle fake Indian currencies and commit crimes against India, then why is India, despite having the world's fifth largest security apparatus, not closing or regulating the Indo-Nepal border?
What are the best books for beginners to understand and invest in the Indian share market?
Why is there such a huge difference between wholesale and consumer price inflation in India?
I'm a 19 year old male that wants to stay healthy. What are some exercises and foods that can help me maintain a youthful look?
What is blogging and how can I start my own blog?
If I am foreign national living in Philadelphia and working in Atlanta. What are the income taxes that I will have to pay?
What are the most interesting products and innovations that First Solar is coming out with in 2016?
What is the origin of mistletoe and how did it become a Christmas tradition?
I am a mechanical engineering student in India, but I want to learn about software and create autofill software. What languates do I need to learn?
How can I delete all messages on snapchat and never see them again?
What is the right to life liberty and the pursuit of happiness? What are some examples?
Will Deezer ever add its play next and add to queue feature on its Andriod and iOS apps?
What is iodimetric titration and how is it different from iodometric titration?
How would you draw (2R,3R)-2,3-dibromobutane and what is its relationship with (2R,3S)-2,3-dibromobutane?
Who were the great Italian soldiers and leaders who fought in WW2?
My parents are suspicious of me taking and drinking there beers, should I tell the truth?
Why can Lip in Shameless go home back and forth from MIT campus so frequently?
Where can I get videos of cutting and stitching of men's shirt in detail?
What is one of the most annoying and repetitive aspects of your daily life?
All weapons used by terrorists are made and provided by west. Why nobody blames west?
How can I understand entropy and enthalpy in terms of everyday examples?
Who would win in a fight between two MMA fighters and one adult silverback gorilla?
What is the difference between Imam Ali and Prophet Muhammed in ruling over their people?
Why are people calling Trump a bigot, racist and homophobe despite having the support of Ben Carson (black), Peter Thiel (gay), and Netanyahu (jew)?
I am traveling to India from the USA with my infant USA-born baby in 3 months. Can I apply for OCI and Indian visa for him together so that he will at least have the visa in case he doesn't get the OCI on time? What is the process to obtain either?
China debt is greater than the GDP of US, Japan and Germany combined (Mckinsey 2015).. what does that mean in terms of macro stability?
What are some of the examples of applications of \"trial and error\" technique in the real world?
Is there any book about how dopamine, serotonin, and oxytocin affect human behavior?
What is the average annual salary raise, bonus, and stock rewards for software engineers in the Bay Area?
Will complete sex changes, including all internal organs and full fertility, ever be possible?
Is there an answer book to the Data Structures and Algorithm Analysis in C++ by Mark Allen Weiss in his fourth edition?
What are the different bra sizes? What does the number and letter represent respectively?
What would the RAW have done had Morarji Desai acted differently and not informed Pakistan about its presence near Pakistan's secret nuclear facility?
Going viral: I have finished developing a website. What techniques and actions should I take to make it go viral?
Are there any other websites like OpenIDEO that crowd-source and frame into phases creation of new solutions and innovation as well as use 2.0 features?
What is the difference between a database analyst and a database administrator?
What should I do if the pilot passes out and I (with no flight training) have to land the plane?
When is the right time to stop running a tech business from home and take it to the next level? ( build a team, office etc.? )
Is it possible to be fat and eat a balanced, nutritious diet?
What are the major France blogs/websites to rate and review iPhone & Android apps?
What is the difference between Zeus/Hercules and Odin/Thor? I know the basics like Greek and Norse mythology, but are they related in any way?
Had there been no war between Native American and settlers, would the Native Americans have inherited the continent of N. America?
I left my hair wet after getting out of the pool and now I have a headache and my stomachs hurting a bit. What is this and how do I fix it?
In the film \"Castaway\", starring Tom Hanks and Wilson the football, is Wilson a metaphor for our deification of and faith in a deity of our own creation and all consequent religious thinking?
Why does it look like Christians worship a cross/image of Jesus; and seem like Muslims worship the Kaaba?
What are the best books for physiology, biochemistry and anatomy? Or may be the ones that Gujarat medical students prefer?
What is best? A smart phone with 2 GB ram and 1300 MHz or one with 1,5 GB ram and 1500MHz (both are fourcores)?
Which is a suitable inpatient drug and alcohol rehab center near Garland County AR?
How do I employ someone and pay Rs. 80000 per month to him?
How do Hollywood filmmakers get those army tanks and helicopters for their films?
How is an airplane engine made failsafe and repair free midair unlike car engines?
What is an easy way of understanding the difference between Value-at-Risk (VaR) and Conditional-Value-at-Risk (CVaR) of a portfolio?
I am new to business marketing. I want to start a new online business which deals with products and their sales from India to the US. Which Indian products are mostly sold in the US?
Which is a good inpatient drug and alcohol rehab center in Jefferson County AL?
A car is moving from the equator to a pole and then back to the equator. Where will it do its maximum work?
How can you take the customer feedback for a particular online startup? I got the idea of a particular social networking site and before going to spend money and time on it i want to know whether this is feasible or not, so how can i test it?
What are the strongest majors in terms of job prospects and what are the weakest majors at Miami University?
I have heard Reliance JIO locks a mobile phone and the same cannot be used for any other network. Is it true?
Current was sent through the helical coil and it was compressed.. why?
Who will win between a war between USA and Russia with both parties using conventional weapons?
Where can I download free 70-533 PDF dumps and 70-533 VCE dumps? New 70-533 exam questions?
What is the best way to restart exercising and gain fitness for a person who has not excerised for the last 15 years?
If in a PC a LAN Internet cable is connected and I want to know their Wi-Fi password, then how do I find a password?
I want to book an ad on HT Kolkata to notify people about my name change. Where and how can I book the ad? Can I pay by card?
What are the ways by which overpricing and underpricing of IPOs can be reduced/stopped?
How hard would it be for somebody on my home wifi network to get all the data coming in and going out, even data sent by other computers?
What is the name for a system where voters cast ballots for candidates and from that pile a ballot is chosen at random to decide who is elected?
How do I focus only on studies and avoid all distraction?
I am an engineering dualite from BITS-Pilani, Goa Campus; doing a Mechanical and EEE engineering dual. What are the fields in which I can work on,with which I can utilize my current option judiciously?
My crush has blocked me on Facebook because she knows I like her and she is ignoring me. I am not in her class. What should I do?
Guys, which is best LED TV 40 Inch and budget price is 40000 Rs?
What was the production of artwork intended for in Hawaii and how is it compared to the one intended for in Iowa?
Can a Canadian Permanent Resident study in the UK and still maintain their PR status?
\"there are many microcontrollers that do similar task how to choose and also can I use single programming language to program every microcontroller?\"
I hate school, but I love learning and knowledge. What do I do?
How are QR codes being used for inventory and supply chain management?
Life Advice: My (now ex) boyfriend cheated on me with someone I am related to and I feel so foolish and humiliated, how can I cope with this in a healthy way and not blame myself?
Should I buy an iPad pro 9.7\u2033 if I have had iPhone 6s plus and MacBook Pro 13\" retina? I am a programmer, a movie watcher, and a big internet surfer..
I'm an air traffic controller in the U.S. I've been at it for over 15 years. My wife and I really want to move to Scotland. I'm 40. Is it still possible to \"transfer\" there?
How come British, Australian and Canadian actors seem to be scarfing up so many plum movie and TV roles? What's wrong with American actors?
What will happen if someone hacks all the banks in world and debit all the money and credit 1 million dollars in all accounts?
What is the best film for a Canon AE-1? What are some tips and tricks that can be done shooting with this film?
Is the Modi Government's Pakistan policy confused and full of flip-flops as claimed by Congress?
Hillary Clinton: What happened on September 11, 2012 from your perspective? What went wrong and will you do anything in your term to prevent this.
Can the president be sued and assessed damage he's done to the nation?
How do I get a job? I'm a civil engineer fresher and the construction companies want experience?
How can I differentiate fake and original bodybuilding supplements like whey protein?
I was visiting the US on a B1/B2 visa valid for 5 years and I decided to study there so I converted to the F1 status. I left the US after completion and my I-20 was terminated. Can I still visit the US again on my B1/B2 visa which is still valid?
Am I right to state that whenever a non-Muslim commits an act of terrorism the Western media are always keen to ascribe reasons like insanity and medical conditions for these acts? Why don't Muslims get the same treatment?
I have a convex lens of focal length 20cm,size 50mm. What should be the focal length and size of the other convex lens to make a powerful telescope?
Who should I start this week for the following positions: RB, WR, TE, and Flex (WR/RB/TE)? My options include Cruz, Golden Tate, Gronk, Delanie Walker, Chris Johnson, J Jones, K Robinson, and I Crowell.
How do I find domain and range of function? Can we find domain from range and range from domain, without graph? Clear my concept I'm confused.
What is the difference between boys and girls on social media?
What motivated you to get into civils and what motivates you to work sincerely?
What is the difference (if any) between \"isolated thunderstorms\" and \"scattered thunderstorms\" in a weather forecast?
I reside in India and want to earn using Online surveys. Which original and free Online surveys pays for its users in India?
What is a substance present in red tomatoes, onions, and peppers, but not the green, yellow, white, or brown versions of these foods?
What were the differences between New Labour and the Liberal Democrats between 1995\u20132010?
Can you tell something about Judaism? Is that true that Christianity and Islamic religion formed by Judaism or Bible and Quran came from Judaism only.
What is that one thing in the world which you wish existed in reality (being practical) and you think that it would make your life much better?
What are the benefits of green jasmine tea, and how do they compare to those of flower tea?
What did you do when you thought you have no talent and you are the only one with this speciality?
How can I get a tourist visa for the USA if my spouse is going there on a business trip and I need to accompany him? What is the most economical way to book my travel?
How do I get 90-95 in English-1 and English-2 in ISC 2017 I have just 1 month left?
What mistakes should anyone avoid during gate/ies coaching and what should anyone do (for every student and mechanical student)?
What can we expect from pay commission 2016 and pay revision thereafter in 2017?
What are the best books for the JEE (Main) and 12th boards (PCM) CBSE?
I am in my second year of my graduation with one year left and I am interning right now. Should I intern throughout until I finish my studies?
I have a bachelors in engineering and am a chartered engineer. How much can I expect to be payed?
Which is a suitable inpatient drug and alcohol rehab center in Bartow County GA?
What are gummies made out of and how are they made?
Why is a 1 rupee note signed by the Ministry of Finance and the rest of the notes by the Governor of India?
I want to turn my life around completely, and become the best I can be. I am a teenager. How should I go about this?
Why does a narcissist run away and hide when confronted by a source of supply?
What is the difference between CCT and TTT curve by an easy example? How they are plotted?
Got surgery for bilateral Inguinal hernia.July 8th and I squatted heavy weights this week and I have pain.. could I have damaged myself again?
How do you cope with the loss of your young child (under 2 years old) and what are some appropriate forms of grief?
Is it \"There is a shoe and a sock\" or \"There are a shoe and a sock\"?
What is the nearest airport to Daytona Beach, and how do this cities tourist attractions compare to Orlando's?
Which laptop should I buy for data analysis and programming? How important is processor speed? Which is better, i5 or i7?
What is Sen's conjecture in string theory and what is the mathematical structure behind it?
I have got 462 marks in NEET-2. I am from Bihar and OBC. Will I get seat under 85 percent state quota seats?
My irctc userid has been deactivated. By email ID& and mobile No. remain same. what should I do to activate my account?
Before this week, I was a popular person in my class. Now, people ignore me, and because of that I feel insecure. What went wrong? How do I fix it?
What are some tips to concentrate when reading or at work? I find my mind wanders and I know I am not being as productive as I should be.
Which is the best web development and designing company in India?
What are the best scenes and quotes from the 2009 movie \"Star Trek\"?
What is cirrhosis of the liver and can it be linked to cancer?
Why did the USA leave the Republic of China after WWII and instead assisted in rebuilding Japan?
Which countries don't speak English and still they are so rich and developed?
Where did the phrase \"deadpool\" originate and is it at all related to the Marvel comic book character?
Sightseeing: What are some great places to visit in and around (50 km radius) Bangalore?
Can I access the deep web and not get into trouble using tor?
Is China more tolerant than Korea and Japan on gay relationship?
What is actually going on between India and Pakistan these days?
How would the world be different if the Europeans had been defeated and pushed into the sea by the native people they encountered? In americas
What are some key specifications, pros/cons and facts about the Samsung Galaxy A5 (2016)?
What is the average weight for a human, and how has this changed over the last centuries?
How can I get rid of my hatred and anger towards myself and others?
How do you see the present and future of interaction design?
What would happen if dragons were on earth and they are more advanced equipment than humans?
How do you use be, been, and being in an English sentence?
Is it really possible to lose fat and gain muscle at the same time?
Which are the best places to buy computer parts and accessories in Bangalore?
What does it mean when your younger sister dreamed about you wearing a wedding gown and is getting married to a brazilian japanese guy?
I think a person blocked my number, but I tried to text him and it showed \"delivered\". Do you think it is possible that he still receives my messages if he had blocked my number?
Do liberals at least admire Donald Trump's fiery patriotism and passionate love for his country?
I want to settle down with my boyfriend but I feel his lack of ambition and his financial problems will cause trouble down the line. What should I do?
How can the American people be told that the biggest fighters against terrorism are Muslims and most affected are Muslims? Why don't they get it?
What would happen if there are 2 suns and earth is in the middle? Both suns are of same mass
Why didn't I get a bid during sorority rush even though I\"m attractive, friendly and have an above average GPA from a prestigious school?
Does Vodafone keeps messages we send and received on Postpaid no?
Why is there not an internationally famous and developed video game industry in India?
What does it mean when a phone rings twice and then goes straight to voicemail?
What are the most desired and niche skills in IT today?
In what ways do Peter Jackson's movie adaptations of The Lord of the Rings and The Hobbit deviate from Tolkien's books?
What is the difference between up to 80 hours and sooner than 80 hours when it comes to an ETG urine test?
What is the best way to find a sponsorship and get the Tier 2 visa in the UK?
What do I do when people ask me questions like 'why', 'when' and 'how' if I am yet to figure out the answer myself? How should I reply to them?
I am currently pursuing a degree BCom and am very interested in digital marketing and DOTA.Any idea how I could an internship in VALVE?
Is it possible to extract the sidebar code of the Blogger dynamic view (Sidebar) template and implement it in my Blogger template as a separate sidebar widget?
What key factor(s) separate(s) the Democratic and Republican parties as we know them today?
Is it appropriate for married women to go out to packed bars and dance clubs without their husbands?
What is the difference between a freelancer and an independent contractor?
How can I help my parents and my boyfriend get along?
Which is a suitable inpatient drug and alcohol rehab center near Wayne County IL?
If radiowaves are reflected from objects (i.e planets) and they can penetrate a bit in the surface, we could image the subsurface right?
Who really has all the power and directs the critical decisions of Canada?
Can a mother with blood type O and a father with blood type B have a son with blood type AB?
What is a 70 mm camera .I was watching one of Tarantino's interviews and he came up with that .what exactly is a 70 mm camera and what's it for?
In Indian Law, how does \"Checks and balances\" hold up in the face of Stare Decisis?
Have you ever maltreated or looked down on someone and later found yourself at his or her mercy?
Whar are some amazing facts about Concorde and Tupolev supersonic planes?
What is the difference between halal meat and normal meat? Is there any difference in taste or nutrition?
How can I get the exact downloads and statistics from Google Play?
One of the fundamental rights says that every citizen must be provided equal opportunity in government jobs or services, and on the other hand they have reservations for particular castes and clans. Isn't it a matter of contradiction with the fundamental rights?
If the Earth is round and we live on the surface of the Earth, are the people on the Equator standing horizontally and people at the South Pole actually standing upside down?
How can speed of light constant for moving and stationary source in vaccum?
What is the best way to deal with bullying, public humiliation based on false charges, and combined negative reaction of corrupted individuals working together?
How can we image subterranean very small and big objects inside other planets? And know their composition shape and atomic structure?
Why don't educated Indians revolt against the dysfunctional and Caste democracy rule and bring about true democracy to India?
An unknown person has taken credit card and has given my details as reference and Now Bank is calling me for their payment?
My steering wheel won't center, and my car feels unbalanced, what does this mean?
I am 27 and I want to take a health insurance policy for myself and for my two dependent parents. Which health insurance should I go for?
What is a good inpatient drug and alcohol rehab center near Iowa County IA?
If a force acts on a body of infinite mass and no displacement is seen, can we say work done is zero?
How do I find the first, second, and third largest marks obtained for a particular subject in mySQL?
What is a hedge fund management company and how is it different from a hedge fund company?
I need to write a children's book, and I have no ideas. Can you give me any?
Why in movies and TV shows when someone get arrested and escorted into the car, do they put their hands on their heads?
Schizophrenia: Does schizophrenia affect the first and higher order moments of neuron firing rates (like mean/variance/skew)? If so, how?
Is there any difference between a bearer cheque and an ordered cheque with endorsement?
Where did the whistling song from Kill Bill originate and in how many other movies has it been used?
Is there any website to get hourly solar radiation and temperature in under developing country?
I am a 29 years old woman, unemployed and obese. I feel worthless. I feel like ending this miserable and good for nothing life. Can I still turn things around?
How do I test edge case and corner case for a programming problem?
Will glyx 13 proceed with phase 3b and 3a trials in sequence or simultaneously?
I am considering buy a Jeep Wrangler and I live in Chicago. What are the pros and cons of owning one living in a big city?
What are the similarities between Arvind Kejriwal and Rahul Gandhi in terms of their working style and decision making?
Why does Ladder Logic fall short when tasks become complex and why isn't it the best for modular PLC programming?
Why are there so many people from India and Pakistan that try to scam people?
What were the major effects of the cambodia earthquake, and how do these effects compare to the Alaska earthquake in 1964?
Which are the best ways and strategies to use to keep and multiply money?
What are the advantages and disadvantages of having a lot of friends?
How do I recover lost photos and videos from a Samsung Galaxy?
Is it cheaper/better to buy a brand new luxury car and then resell it after 3 years? or lease it for 3 years?
Will President Trump amend the constitution and end same sex marriage?
What should I do when I desperately need to break wind, there's no toilet around, and I'm not sure if the outcome will be gaseous?
What are examples of red and white meats? How does each differ?
I am a web developer (C# and .NET) with 1.2 years of experience in IT and now I want to make a career in SAP. How do I make the move?
Who is your favorite classical composer and what is your favorite classical piece?
If you met two women you liked equally, yet one was widowed and the other one divorced, which would you end up asking out? Why?
Were space time and dimensions created by energy at the big bang? Can energy create all and nonexistent things (e.g other universes\u2026)?
Are there any universities which offer combined B.S. and M.S. in the USA for computer engineering?
When are pre-boards conducted for SA-2 CBSE in class 10 and from when are we given study leave for the boards?
What are the pros and cons of the Transatlantic Trade and Investment Partnership (TTIP)?
I love my best friend who already have a boyfriend and she doesn't love me. What can I do?
What is your favorite and least favorite TV show and why?
What is the mean and median of the set of 1 element?
I correctly answered a question and it was collapsed (whatever that means). Why?
How do people who are both deaf and blind communicate with other people?
What are the best UX blogs and Twitter accounts to follow in the Los Angeles area?
How many 3 digit number can be formed by using the digits 5 and 6 when repetition of any digit is allowed?
When was the English alphabet invented and how has it changed over time?
What are the minimum system requirements to run AutoCAD and SCADA software on a Windows system?
What was your highest rank in the military and how did you get there?
After demonetization of Rs.500 and Rs.1000 notes, what will happen to old notes?
Is a Ph. D. in Women and Gender Studies worth pursuing?
If I liked Dexter, Hannibal and Breaking Bad, what show should I go watch next?
How do people transfer/take money from India and deposit in Swiss banks?
What should a Christian who loves a Muslim girl because she's fair, gets a good salary, and minds her business write in a love letter to her?
How do I properly cook and season a burger on a grill?
What can I do if my wife and my mother hate each other?
What is the difference between asynchronous and synchronous circuits? Which is faster?
What do reasonable suspicion and probable cause mean? How do they differ?
What are the rules and regulations of a Formula 1 race?
Will President Trump be the most memorable and beneficial president in U.S.A. history?
I want to be a hacker. What should I know and from where should I start?
What are the differences between lightning and thunder? How are they related?
What is the difference between \"Micro Variable\" and \"Internal Variable\"? Also between \"Macro Variable\" and \"External variable\"? Thank you so much.
I\u2019m most likely an INTP. I hate how I\u2019m not punctual and how I do not follow through. Is it possible to change my Myers-Briggs personality type?
Had there been an arch battle between Raavan and Karna, who would possibly have emerged victorious?
What is religion and why does it have to be born?
Who are the voice actors behind the Doremon and Shinchan cartoons in Hindi?
What is the best retailer (online or brick and mortar) to buy a home computer from?
Is it better to struggle and fail than to succeed with ease?
Which industries and jobs will self-driving cars and trucks disrupt or destroy?
I am a Nepalese student. Can I study B.Sc physics from Calcutta university and PhD in astrophysicsfrom IIA, Banglore or NCRA-TIFR Pune?
During French IndoChina War did Cambodians and Hmong support French because they feared dominance by Vietnam?
Which blind spots does the Hinduism have or propagate, project, propel and propaganda for/towards the other religions?
What should be done if a girl is a manglik and a boy is a non-manglik?
How can I stop the shivering of my hands and legs when I get tense?
Is there any difference between the black and red sides of a table tennis paddle?
Does the new Honda CB Hornet have any problems, such as with mileage and engine heating? Is it worth the buy?
This guy liked me and I rejected him, now I am in love with him and he has rejected me. What should I do?
What is minimum requirement of 12th and graduation percentage in CAE/IAS?
If you report a comment on Facebook and message the user, is the message anonymous?
What is the prospect of pharmacy in India, USA and UK after completing 4yrs B.Pharm from Kolkata, India?
Can bscit graduated student get into multimedia and graphics design as a lifetime career and if yes, then how?
What does it mean if a girl closes her eyes and smiles at the same time?
How can I get an itunes card free? I really want one and I have no money. Any ideas?
What is the purpose of VT and CT in an electrical circuit?
What are the types for antibodies and what are their function?
How do I prepare for GE PI and WAT in SIMS Pune?
What percentage of the world's terrorists are Muslim, and what are the reasons for this phenomenon?
The character Frank Underwood from House of Cards is nominated as the Democratic Party candidate for President in 2016 and is running against Donald Trump. How would a presidential race between them go down?
Why is AFC Wimbledon appreciated so much for its fan ownership when almost all clubs in Germany and some other European clubs follow a similar model?
When and where was Ramayana concieved and written down in a recognizable form?
How strong is Cheetah and how is she a Wonder Woman villain?
How is v k dhingra and co for articleship and is the exposure good there?
What are the benefits of choosing Canada over the US for doing a master's (MS) and bringing the family for settlement later?
How do I read data from excel sheet and put it into js file?
I wanted to do bcom .i have taken physical education as an optional subject and not taken maths .can I take admission in du?
What is the difference between the positive and non-positive displacement pump?
Are there any people in their 20's who feel like they're stuck and need some guidance in their life?
Which countries are risky to travel and to live as a black person?
If you have to choose between your ex and your crush who would you choose and why?
What can be the reasons for discontinuation of 500 and 1000 rupee notes? What can be the future effects of it?
What should I do if I am happy and satisfied with my life?
What is the best smelling vagina and the worst smelling vagina you have experienced?
How can I increase flow rate and reduce the water head in my submersible pump?
If I aspire to be a quantum physicist, would it be wise to major in physics and have a double minor in mathematics and chemistry, or is there a better combination?
What are the pros and cons of a 3DS vs. DSi, and vice versa?
What is the best place (region) to stay in Arunchal Pradesh for 3 months and explore on tight budget of Rs 5k to 6k a month except tranportation?
What should be the size of columns and beam span and depth for G+2 bus terminal building?
What is the difference between \"mistake\" and \"defect\" in the following sentences?
My iPhone 6 was stolen. The phone was off. It is password protected. I can't find the location of the phone. 'Find the location/iCloud\" was not on. I logged in to iCloud online and it says the device is off and it cannot find the location. If I delete photos from iCloud online will the photos be deleted on the phone as well?
If a star emits blue-shifted light in the direction of travel and red-shift light the other direction, would this create an energy density gradient?
What is the admission criteria for Msc econometrics and mathematical economics in LSE?
How can we take advantage and create real value out of data?
What is the difference between a poem and the lyrics of a song?
In the GST bill, what is the meaning of SGST, IGST and CGST when there should be just one kind of tax to be levied?
What does paperback book mean on Flipkart and Amazon? I understand the difference between an e-book and a hard copy. Will paperback simply be the same as the one that I might buy at any regular store?
What is the meaning of Bajram and why is it celebrated?
Who have been the greatest global leaders (EU & the USA) and what were their visions (Kennedy - Space Program, FDR - Great Depression)?
Is there really the existence of Aliens and is there any proof available realted to them?
Is there any way by which we can block all calls and sms from a particular number?
What are some good books for analog and digital integrated circuits?
My brother is graduating from iTT with an associates in applied science in drafting and design. Should I tell him to transfer to another for his BA?
In India, if a driver opens his car door into the path of an oncoming biker and the biker hits the door, is the driver legally at fault?
What percentage of questions are answered on Quora, and how many questions are asked daily?
I want to be alone. I don't trust anyone. I have 0 friends and I'm 18. Is something wrong with me?
Why do feminists who say they are fighting for equal rights for both men and women still support the existence of alimony?
Can anyone with experience help me (I am 99 percent sure I have a personality disorder and due to my sudden awareness my psychiatrist doesn't believe me)?
Is it possible to apply for a new portal in Ingress and then have it to show up as a Pok\u00e9Stop in Pok\u00e9mon GO?
How can I get valid Microsoft 70-247 Exam Dumps,70-247 PDF Dumps and 70-247 VCE Dumps? With new 70-247 Exam Questions as 70-247 Exam Preparation?
What are the most interesting products and innovations that Spectrum Brands is coming out with in 2016?
How is bolt size measured and what are some examples in how it is measured?
Which reseller hosting is good and reliable for hosting around 30 websites?
How do students at IIIT-H have time to do competitive programming and train for the same, even though they are stacked with heaps of H.W. and projects?
Which is a good inpatient drug and alcohol rehab center in Logan County IL?
Why in UP do only the uppercastes use caste names as surnames and not the lowcastes? Do the uppercaste people want to proclaim that they belong to this caste?
I want be a director and even actor? What are the challenges and task for me
I have an offer from Wipro. I want to take the AMCAT and try for other companies. Will the offer from Wipro provide me any advantages?
What is a suitable inpatient drug and alcohol rehab center near Mercer County IL?
Is there any connection between drug abuse, and later giving birth to children with autism (also formerly known as Asperger)?
How close is the US to eliminating cash entirely and replacing it with electronic currency?
What are some ways to help me speak clearly and not be a bumbling idiot?
Why did the government decide to scrap 1000 rupee notes and introduce a denomination of 2000 instead?
What is next for Ronda Rousey and is she done for?
I just got better from a hard flu but I'm still feeling weak, tired and fatigue. I can't work as hard as before because I get tired faster, is this normal? Will it go away?
How quickly can I lose a kilogram of weight, and how would I set about doing this?
I am planning to apply for the Fall '16. I am a B.tech (E&C) student. I have a low CGPA and have some backlogs. What should I do now to improve my resume?
I liked a girl despite the differences we had. I confessed this to her and she didn't want anything. I still can't say I moved on. Why is that?
What is the difference between COMEDK and KCET? Can other state students also write these exams?
Why were impeachment charges raised against Nixon for Watergate and why did he resign when other presidents seem to have done things equally as bad?
Lots of boys ask me out, but I have eyes for only one boy and I don't even know if he likes me. Is this all right?
How much will it cost to hire a web and app developer to create a website/app that requires a database?
What is the difference between an ER and an EER diagram in databases?
Where is Sanjay Nandan posted currently and what is his service bio data?
If the units of time were to be revisited in this day and age, would we still have hours, minutes and seconds?
How many of you would agree that the USA and Canada are the last remaining sane countries in the world?
Why is the word for 'tomorrow' and 'yesterday' (kal) the same in Hindi/Urdu?
I'm unemployed engineering graduate sitting at home and wasting time how can I change my life?
Do police officers assist in productions, and let directors use police cars in small films?
What is the difference between 'spin quantum number' and 'magnetic spin quantum number'?
How can we prepare for SSC and PCS exams and which books should be referred for it?
What is the cost of living in Europe and the US compared with Indian cities like Chennai and Bangalore?
I am an Indian travelling to the USA as a student, what kind of racism am I likely to face and how frequently should I expect to face it in a week?
What is good technology between VLSI System Design and SAP GRC to pursue a career?
In SJSU, is there a networking major offered under both software engineering and computer engineering? Which is preferable?
Why do \"I'm up for it\" and \"I'm down for it\" mean the same thing?
What is something that I can buy in bulk and sell online for a profit?
Why did porn get banned in India and songs like Kundi Na Khadkao Raja didn't?
Do the girls and women loves to get nice remarks and cool compliments about their booty?
Where do I start learning Google Adwords and get the certification?
Define enormity? Since this expression! Definition! Has been lost and found due to different circumstances in the past centuries?
I don't have enough money to go to Rice University, and I will now go to a state school. At an undergraduate level, am I at a disadvantage?
How skewed are the Agile implementations and practices in real life in Indian IT companies?
What is the difference between GST passed today and the previous taxation system in India?
What is the difference between curriculums of MD Emergency Medicine and MD Critical Care? And which are the best colleges for the same in India?
How can I increase my weight and get a decent body figure?
What is the evolutionary significance of marketing and how has it changed modern society?
What is a 3C2V coaxial cable and what is it used for?
I am selling my Android phone to a user who is good at hacking and stuff. How do I make sure that all data is erased completely without any trace before giving him the phone?
Problem Solving: If 3+2=7, 5+4=23, 7+6=47 and 9+8=79 to what is 10+9 equal?
How do I get over my fear and anxiety of going to the dentist?
How does it feel when the girl you love friend-zones you and still wants to be friendly with you and at the same time she is not at all inclined to get into a relationship with you in the future?
What are the best websites to download movies and tv series without using torrents?
Could the PRC totally defeat and occupy the ROC before its allies can intervene?
I was planning to buy a new car and I landed being confused between Hyundai i20-elite and Maruti Ciaz, which one shall be a better pick?
The brits and Russia stopped mapoleon and Hitler bit do they like each other?
If dark/vacuum energy is created with expansion and it has no limit, could infinite energy be created then?
What does it mean that a wave has both positive and negative components (ac)? What are the positive and negative components?
What is the result of conjunction of Venus, Saturn, Moon and Neptune in first house of Sagittarius ascendant?
What value and percentage of Apple and Microsoft do Bill Gates and Steve Jobs respectively own?
Is the white spider poisonous, and how does it compare and contrast to the wandering spider?
What are some good online tutorials and training materials on PEGA?
What are the various tasks you have and how will you efficiently multitask?
What do you think of this logo and could it be improved?
How often do you visit a salon in a month and how much minimum amount you spend on each visit?
What are some of the best things and life lessons you have learned from an animal?
Which company provides the best SEO and SMO services in India?
What is the difference in LNCT and LNCTS in terms of placement?
Any idea for the best book to learn Ruby on Rails 4 and also would help me create great web apps? (I'm a beginner)
Which are the existing and upcoming video-on-demand (VOD) and over-the-top (OTT) platforms/services available in India?
What is the difference between a 'target' and a 'project' in Xcode? What are the implications of this difference?
My boyfriend comes from a royal family. We love each other so much and are even planning to get married. His father doesn't approve of me because I am not royalty and he wants his son to marry his cousin. I don't want to lose him. What do I do?
What if human life is a game - where we're made with bodily limitations, and our job is making technology to overcome these limitations?
I got 90 im toefl with 19 in speaking and I expected at least 24. Will I'll be able to get admission in phd in usa?
Are \"diminishing marginal product,\" \"increasing marginal costs\" and \"decreasing returns to scale\" the same thing?
Suspended from work for sleeping. I am type 2 bipolar and forgot to take my medication I was very tired. Looks like it's time to find a new job?
Is it possible that your emotions can get frozen in your body and affect not just your posture but your physical structure?
Can a 49 year old woman have 2 positive pregnancy tests a week apart and be pregnant if she was still getting her period?
If your lover says that I love you and bye after lots of problems in relationship?
How do I prepare class 9 science sst and maths in one month cbse plzz answer fast and score 85+?
NMIMS Mumbai is better than its Bangalore campus. Is it true and what are the statistics behind this reasoning?
What does it mean if a guy kissed you the second time he met you and he didn't contact you after that?
What is Hike match up? How does it work or help and what is the need for that?
What is the advantages and disadvantages of moving to UK from India?
What percentage of Australia is desert, and how do deserts in Australia compare to deserts in Africa?
What are the prerequisites & pre-conditions to religious tolerance and economic interdependence, to reduce world wide deaths attributed to extremism?
How far are the North and South magnetic poles from the North and South geographic poles?
Why is the phrase \"my bad\" grammatically incorrect, and what is the correct thing to say?
Is SCTW will help me to get into oil and drilling jobs as a graduate engineer trainee?
Who are the top 10 most intelligent fictional villains, and what can be learned from them?
Which is a good inpatient drug and alcohol rehab center in Gordon County GA?
Where is the line between being an introvert and having Asperger\u2019s syndrome?
How should I respond when someone pretends that they forgot my name and asks again just to convince me they don't care about me?
Considering the inadequate income and saving levels, is mobile banking and financial connectivity viable in the Indian slums?
What is the best country and university to do a PhD in particle physics?
Where is the DRM office of western railway and central railway in Mumbai?
Nowadays, mobile phones have become an essential part of our lives. What are the advantages and disadvantages of mobile phones and what limits, if any, should we put on their use?
What is a suitable inpatient drug and alcohol rehab center near Jefferson County AL?
What is a suitable inpatient drug and alcohol rehab center near Will County IL?
Where does the water from the Great Lakes come from, and how does these lakes wildlife compare to Lake Constance?
What is the process to make Leggings and which machines are required for it?
Is their any difference between in British Council and IDP in general And also any affect of semi-urban area or urban area to take a Ielts exam?
Who should Republicans that hate Trump and live in a Red State vote for?
How do I write a CV and what do I include in one?
What can be done when both families are against inter-religion marriage and after having failed to convince both families?
Mobile Application Development: How much would it cost to make and to run (operating costs) an instant messaging app like WhatsApp (iOS & Android)?
Who decides the Pok\u00e9 Stops in Pok\u00e9mon GO and how come there are pokestops in India if the game has not yet released here?
What should I know as an outsider about Brexit, and whats your opinion about it?
Why does God has gone to this length to create the whole universe and a planet only for humans when the end is so inevitable?
Where can I get very skilled and experienced plastering service in Boston?
What is something significant which only you know and no one else on the internet does?
Does green tea really burn fat in body and help us to maintain good health?
In which US states is it legal for citizens to purchase, own, and operate an AK-47 assault rifle? How can I attain one in those states?
How good is Purina Puppy Chow for my puppies and how does it compare to other brands?
What are the most common traffic convictions in Arkansas, and how does the severity of the convictions differ in Pennsylvania?
How many ways are there of painting 20 identical bowls with red, blue and yellow if there must be more red bowls than blue bowls?
Is it a good idea to make leather product out of leather waste and sell it online in UK or USA? WIll customers be willing to buy?
Which is a suitable inpatient drug and alcohol rehab center near Clay County GA?
I'm 14 and a half, hit puberty when I was 10 and a half, haven't been growing for 4 months, will I still grow?
Why are many idols of Greek gods and goddesses (Aphrodite and Poseidon) portrayed naked?
For example if I have billion dollars and I put it on Swiss bank how much interest rate per year does it have?
Would you rather be rich and paralyzed from the waist down or poor and able bodied?
What is the best way to invest money and get good returns for the salaried person?
How do I build a clear and clean natural swimming pool without liner and electric filter?
My friend said \"Java is a girl's programming language and C++/C is for men\" and I feel offended. How can I get over it?
I'm pretty much not interested with my current job and interested in business line, what should I do?
I am looking for a laptop with i5 processor, 8GB RAM, 1TB HDD and 2GB Nvidia graphics. What are some good laptops with these specifications?
My friend's dog scratched me and it bled? Do I need to get an anti rabies vaccine?
Is dand (Hindu Pushups) and baithak (Sqauts) one of the best and enough exercise that can be done at home to remain fit?
I am in love with my cousin . She is in love with me too, and we want to marry. How do we tell our parents?
Why when I pass below some street light post, or even any eletrical light bulb, in different locations and different ocasions the light turn off at the same time I'm below the spot? Why this can be coincidence? Or it's in my mind?
Are some guys sexist when they're young and immature? Do some change their ways?
I just got a big promotion at work which was supposed to come with a comparable salary increase. However, today my boss came to me and said we would like you to create your own bonus scheme. I'd like to take advantage of this opportunity, tell me how I can be creative and respond back to her?
Why should i stay in India and not migrate abroad ?
What are the most common traffic convictions in Arkansas, and how does the severity of the convictions differ in Georgia?
What are the different pay scales and grade pay for government jobs in India and what do they mean?
What are the differences between radiography and radiology? What are some examples?
I have forgotten my password for Facebook and no primary email and phone is added to my account. How can I get access to my account?
I got rejected from all graduate programs(Applied math and stat). What should I do to strengthen my profile?
What are the benefits of banning 500 and 1000 rupees in India?
What is the difference between batch-mode and mini-batch in machine learning?
What will happen to the old 500 and 1000 notes in the banks after the decision by Mr Modi?
By doing yoga, pranayama, and meditation one increases his/her energy. What if someone in the family constantly puts him/her down, insults them, and says things which hurt him/her? Does this result in lowering their energy again?
Does it annoy you when you answer a question on Quora, and then the question is later edited in such a way that makes your answer look stupid?
Please help. I have a poor posture while walking. I have rounded shoulders, forward head posture and have back pain. How can I possibly improve my posture?
The reaction between silver nitrate and ethanol is explosive. How can I mix them without any explosion?
What were the four horsemen of the apocalypse, and what is the meaning of each of them?
In Starcraft, why do protoss and zerg being called gods and insects in Chinese?
What is the probability of getting a heart and an ace when drawing a single card from a deck of 52 cards?
Why are many old children's nursery rhymes and fairy tales so violent/frightening/sad?
Why do intelligent people underestimate themselves and dumb people overestimate themselves?
From an evolutionary perspective, why do we have multiple different blood types and what advantages or disadvantages does that entail?
Can you break down the lyrics and what they mean to you in your favorite song for me?
Which books of the Bible did Peter write, and what makes them distinct?
I plan to sell agricultural products such as tulsi seeds and spices through eBay India? Do I need special licenses?
What is the analysis of the poem \"Fire and Ice\" by Robert Frost?
I am having tennis elbow since last 9 months and still suffering by pain .doing some exercises but it it not healing.what should I do?
I\u2019m 2015 CS guy, working in operations role in a startup in Bangalore and want to go for technical role. What is good time to change role & company?
How many people, ministers, business men nabbed in post demonetisation move and from which parties they are directly or indirectly ?
Why is my face oily and dry? How can this be treated?
If I were to provide an app developer with a mockup that is an exact replica of how the app should look, along with instructions for the app's functions and how they should interact with the UI I've provided, would they be able to make it? How difficult is it to find a highly skilled app developer?
Are there any rules to follow when going for a shirt and T-shirt combo for casual wear?
If you were about to die in 10 seconds and your only witness was a complete stranger, what would you say to him/her?
Are we on the brink of another battle between the United North under Jon Snow, and the knights of the Vale commandeered by Lord Petyr Baelish?
Could it be that evolution is real and God controlled it, thus, evolution and God would both be real?
Would a flight between Helsinki, Finland and Los Angeles, California be profitable?
Why did Shae betray Tyrion's love and sleep with his father?
What are the strongest arguments for and against the war on drugs?
What can an individual or a family or a business in Egypt do today to prepare and adapt for the coming impacts of climate change?
I want to cancel my flight (Wizzair) and get a refund. How do I do that?
What is it like flying from Bangkok to Manila and how are these touristic cities compared to Chennai?
Television: On an LCD TV, how noticeable is the difference between 60Hz refresh and 120Hz? Is it worth the price differential?
Can I charge a portable power bank and use it to charge my phone at the same time?
How will the GST bill affect common men and the country? What are its pros and cons?
What are the pros and cons of making yourself throw up?
Which college is better for CSE and IT, IET DAVV or JEC Jabalpur?
On WhatsApp, it says on the message info that the message has been read with 2 blue ticks and no time and message delivered with 2 grey checks with time. What does this mean?
What causes frequencies to get absorbed rather than scattered in the atmosphere or vice versa? If blue light is scattered by nitrogen and oxygen in the atmosphere then why high frequency satellite signals are not scattered in the same way?
What's wrong with Indian education industry and what are the experienced and expected negative fall outs?
What is the best Android app for listening to and downloading English songs with lyrics?
Hypothetically, if I switched bodies with someone and the body died, would I switch back to my regular body or would I (my soul) die too?
If I held a steel cup with 3-4 ice cubes in it and I was in the arctic, how long would it take for my body heat and the sun's heat to melt the ice?
What is the difference between PADI and SSI open water SCUBA diving certifications?
How many goals have Messi and Ronaldo scored or assisted in 2014, for club and country?
What are the similarities and differences between a President and a Prime Minister?
Why is it so hard for people to have sex and hard as shit for me to even do it?
What were the major effects of the cambodia earthquake, and how do these effects compare to the Concepcion earthquake in 1835?
How do I keep up my pace with the preparation of IX class and X class main subjects so as to clear NTSE? Can anyone suugest me a time-table? Please
I forgot my Apple ID and password. How do I unlock my iPhone 4S?
Do you think Hillary Clinton and Donald Trump could ever be \"together\"?
Which is better among binary search and binary search tree for searching?
Why do Real Madrid and FC Barcelona have the best players in La Liga and why not other teams? Why is it totally one sided?
How are birthdays celebrated in Thailand and what's the cultural background?
What is difference between the extended version and the theatrical version of movie?
If Man Utd, Chelsea, Arsenal or Liverpool got relegated down to League One, and got stuck there for years, would so many people still support them?
Is it true that the demonetization of 500 and 1000 currencies in India stopped the latest violances in Kashmir?
New Delhi: Why do Delhi girls mix up English and Hindi language while speaking at public places, turning it into a funny language?
Why do Android apps have several problems on nearly every app and why does it take the developers so long to fix them?
How Companies like Paytm and FreeCharge are able to give cashbacks and still earn some profit?
What is the best way to become a vegetarian and also gain 15 pounds of healthy weight in about 3-4 months at the same time?
Is the difference between IQ 190 and 130 as big as between 130 and 70?
What happens if a fat person only does weight lifting and no cardio and his diet is nutritionally below average?
Did you know you were about to die and then end up surviving?
Where can I buy bed sheets in Delhi or Gurgaon? I am looking for cheap and good quality bed sheets, those that doesn't fade with time.
I have a friend I've know for 10 years. We hooked up two years ago, and then we hooked up more extensively (3 months) at the end of 2014. Now it's all dried up and we just message occasionally. I have decided I really like her a lot, I even feel like I love her. Should I tell her?
I have a Seagate 1TB Backup Plus HDD which stopped working. The problem I detected was that when the drive was powered it made a certain beeping noise and after 9-10 beeps it stops. What is some help in detecting the internal problem and solution?
I did what I felt it was best for me, but I lied to my friend. I feel like an awful friend and person. I'm feeling guilty all the time. What can I do?
What is the way to download hindi and punjabi songs directly on iPhone without syncing with iTunes?
Is it safe to buy Macbook Pro from Amazon India? The boys and girls at Apple Reseller stores say that Amazon might sell fake products. Is it true?
Can a research paper be done on the effect of weather on stock price return and volatility of Indian manufacturing sector?
Why did you choose to proceed on to a Junior College and not Polytechnic (vice versa)?
Me n my bf had foreplay and just rubbed his penis over my vagina bt Iam virgin now and at he jerked off outside. Jst aftr 3 hr took unwanted 72?
Have you ever found someone you liked on Quora, followed them, then gone and read and \"Liked\" a huge amount of their posts, only to feel like a creep?
How can Indian men find Russian women for a relationship and for marriage in India? Do Russian women like getting married to Indian men?
I'm a 17 year old girl, 150cm and 73 kgs. I want to lose weight. How do I stay committed?
Why is Iowa considered a swing state and how is it important to the elections?
What is the location of Palawan, and how does this Island compare to Ouvea Island?
Do the \u201cice\u201d and \u201cfire\u201d in A Song of Ice and Fire refer to White Walkers and dragons?
How is vmc correspondence course and how effective are the online doubt clearing session of vmc ?
How does the temperament of a Goldendoodle and a Golden Retriever differ?
I have never been into a hand to hand fight in my entire life. I am about to get married and feel insecure.What should I do? (See details)
Why do people think that A Song of Ice and Fire is better than Harry Potter?
Am working on a vehicle tracking project that involves both web and mobile interface, real-time mapping data visualization on my AngularJS frontend.?
I can't access my email account or YouTube account. Google's password recovery questions are impossible to answer and I no longer have access to recovery email or phone number. What do I do?
What happened to the relationship between Mary and Joseph after the birth of Jesus?
What is the average height for males and females in America?
Which is a suitable inpatient drug and alcohol rehab center in Grant County KY?
What do you really want to do in your life and what are you doing now?
How can I use Omegle on my iPod Touch and how is it compared to using ChatVille?
How do \"I intend on using..\" and \"I intend to use...\" differ?
Why do some almonds taste bitter and how can one avoid them?
My four year old daughter gets very red in her cheeks and eyes when it is hot outside. Any idea if this is serious?
Why do we still have separate men and women categories in sports, when we both are equal?
Which companies help in artist management and sponsorship for college fests?
Can I download Images from other site and use it my website? Is it Legal?
Is it ok to create multiple Google accounts and thumbs up my own YouTube channel?
Why do people forget all good things you do for them and remember the one bad thing?
Are there any security features in Rs 2000 and Rs. 500 currency notes to make them counterfeit proof?
Why would your mortgage company call you several times and ask you to fill out another modification when they know they will not change the payment?
How do I improve my research analysis and data analysis skills?
What are some unusual aspects about politics and government in Liechtenstein?
What is the difference between a packet and a frame with reference to the OSI model?
In MI, does probate need to be opened in the county of residence and can there be more than one personal representative?
I have Android Lollipop (it is not installed as virtual os on my windows and my pc is dual boot one of android one of windows)installed on my PC. How can I root it?
Is there any value in having Directors and Senior Directors in Oracle? What is the difference in their job function?
Who will IIM's choose between a candidate with work experience and a candidate with entrepreneurial background?
Why don't people remember that Paul Simon and Carrie Fisher were married?
What are some local laws in regards to nudity in Vermont, and how do they differ from nudity laws in Michigan?
What is the difference between Odia and Bengali considering every aspect?
What are the results of Saturn and Moon being conjunct in Scorpio in the 12th house?
When I turn on my mobile data or make calls my phone hangs and after sometime it reboots I am using cm11 on s3 mini?
What is the best Linux distro in your opinion and why? Also, what is the best distro for a beginner?
I'm in a relationship with a married women. I'm getting married in a few months and she wants to continue this relationship after my marriage. I'm scared that she may blackmail me. What should I do?
What's the difference between \"CPU FAN\" socket, \"CPU OPT\" socket, and a \"SYS FAN\" socket on motherboard?
Can I create housing in New York City and rent them cheaply only to my countrymen and women?
What is the work profile of an assistant infrastructure engineer at TCS and how is it different from that of an assistant systems engineer ?
Why is talking to a girl online and in person different?
I found my idea was already patented many times and in several countries. However no products have been found in the market. Should I purse it?
Recently DoPT has decided to set up an expert committee for changes in the CSAT eligibility pattern. What are the chances of reducing the age and number of attempts, as previous committee reports suggested the age reduction and number of attempts were a factor?
What is a good inpatient drug and alcohol rehab center near Clearwater County ID?
Why are young black men so much more violent and rude compared to men of other races?
I'm going to be President of my high school's Interact Club and would like to have us focus on fundraising for and possibly working on building a school in an impoverished nation. How much would this cost and what would be a good organization for us to partner with?
Which are the best books for \"Economic and Commercial Law\" for CS students?
Are there any experiments in which you slowly increase audio and see how long it takes for the subject to become aware of it?
I am a Christian. I struggle with what the Bible says as far as dates, the age of the earth, etc. Carbon dating and other scientific methods seem to be valid but in direct conflict. What should I make of this?
How Can I buy a house that is in foreclosure and resale it to make some profit?
How is the infrastructure (hostel rooms and common rooms and mess facilities) at IIEST Shibpur?
What is it like to be an introvert and have bipolar disorder?
I am told to receive MMR vaccine, but my wife and me are trying to conceive, will the vaccine have any bad effects on us?
What are the differences/pros and cons between Mycelium and the ordinary bitcoin wallet for Android?
What is a good inpatient drug and alcohol rehab center in Stone County AR?
What is the most aggressive and dangerous martial art? Where can I learn it?
If we have a negative trait because of our genes, would it be possible to fix it and stop it from having an undesirable effect in our lives? Are we stuck with it even as we grow old?
Where can I buy good quality microwavable gourmet and casseroles online at a reasonable price?
How gauss\"s divergence theorem and stokes theorem used to solve complex problems?
What should I watch next after Suits, Agents of Shield, and Sherlock that I won't regret watching?
Which school\u2019s program is better: UC Santa Barbara (Econ/Math and Stats) or UC Davis (Managerial Economics)?
If by being anonymous, you can truly share your life experiences and feelings without any fear of being judged, it's not a bad thing, is it?
What does Bilbo Baggins's statement \u201cI don\u2019t know half of you half as well as I should like; and I like less than half of you half as well as you deserve\u201d mean?
What is the difference between a girlfriend/wife and a sidechick/mistress/other woman?
I am writing my CV. Do I list knowledge of HTML and CSS under programming languages?
Can I pay my personal loan EMI in bulk (1/3) of my outstanding loan amount and finish the loan earlier in three installments? And is there any way I can increase the EMI amount
What are the major stereotypes people have about Maldives and to what extent are they true?
Why is water consumption so important for the body and mind, and how much should we ideally be drinking per day?
Which are the top 10 colleges for full-time MBA in marketing and advertising a.k.a communications? Please help me
Why are there 24 hours in a day, and how does the lenght of day on Earth compare to the one on Mars?
Why am I less obsessed with my phone and online dating sites after taking Prozac for 10 days?
Why are members of Al Qaeda treated as \"enemy combatants\"; but members of street gangs, drug cartels, and organized crime syndicates dealt with under U.S. civilian law?
How can I change my shift and branch officially at MAIT?
You\u2019re at a casino with two dice, if you roll a 5 you win, and get paid  dollar 10. If you play until you win and then stop, what is your expected payout?
With  dollar 80 million in new capital (April 9th, 2014) and no business model, what are the possible ways for Quora to generate revenue without losing its users?
What are suitable jaw crusher and cone crusher for crushing plant Brisbane?
Downloading torrent on windows phone and Android phone which is faster?
I study nuclear chemistry in Germany and I am not sure about my future?
How do I upload a game created by GameSalad on Android Play Store, iOS app store and Windows 8 store? Is it possible in a free version?
What are some similarities and differences between Hamilton's Federalist Party, and Jefferson's Jeffersonian Democracy?
What is good structure to store values and frequently extract min, max and insert values? (Sometimes also merge this structures)?
How can I tell the difference between a guy who loves me and a guy who just want to have sex?
What is the advantage for species to be specialists, and how can they survive in the presence of opportunistic/generalist species?
Why are Democrats referred to as the left and Republicans as the right?
Which is a good inpatient drug and alcohol rehab center near Crisp County GA?
What is the basic difference between the sixth and seventh stage of a human life in the poem 'the seven ages' by William Shakespeare?
What is the name of the first cervical vertebra, and why was it named like that?
How much money do I need to travel around and in Tokyo for 7 days? Can someone who's been there or lives there answer?
Why do people hate me except my parents and brother &sister we live in joint family and I don't have any friends am 23 now I don't understand why?
Doesn't it defeat the purpose of demonetizing 500 and 1000 rupee bill if the Government of India introduces new 500 and 2000 rupee bills?
Massive Open Online Courses (MOOCs): How are Coursera and Udemy any better than Lynda.com and Video2Brain?
What are the best places to eat in and around the University of Kentucky?
How do I remember facts and other things while studying Indian polity?
What is the purpose behind the 22nd amendment of the American Constitution, and how does it differ from the 5th amendment?
I got 90 percentile in cat 2016, and below is my profile?
What are some realistic expectations when drop shipping? How fast can I start making money, and how much can I make per day in the early days?
Quality Control: When was Harry Romig born, and when did he pass away?
I felt less obsessive and negative for 2 weeks on my antidepressant and for the past few days I feel it coming back a bit. How come?
I'm solving quadratic equations by factoring, and I use to different systems to get my results. Which system is correct?
Is it safe to give your credit card number and CVV to Careem for booking a ride?
I have been working as MfgPro consultant in distribution and finance module from last 1.5 yrs. and now I want to switch in SAP .which SAP module will be best for me?
Should I hire some random girl to take pictures of me kissing her so I can put those on Facebook and make my ex jealous, so she'll want to chase after me?
Many times I can't make out what people say and have to keep asking them to repeat themselves. Should I seek medical advice?
Is there any third party app to allow hotspot to only allowed users? I have a Moto G4 and it doesn't have allowed users tab in settings?
As a student specializing in English language, literature and linguistic, what can I work for United Nations? Which job is suitable with me?
How is Computer Science Engineering at MANIT, Bhopal and what are the prospects if you are really a hard worker?
What are some best books and study material for eLitmus pH test preparation?
What are some promising and up-and-coming careers involving biology- careers that are worth getting into and working hard to achieve. Also what are the college/graduate school requirements?
Can I get refund for Tatkal e-ticket because train is late more than 3 hours and I am not able to travel? Should I cancel the train or file the TDR?
What is the best message to send in a new whatsapp group? I am a guy and want to impress the girls in the group: D
If a girl invites you to her place for dinner and a movie, is she expecting physical intimacy?
What if I don't go to university and instead start a business?
After how many penetrations and ejaculations is getting an erection out of question?
What did Sprint do wrong that the stock is trading at nearly half of its 52 week high and with a market cap about 6 billion dollars less than T-Mobile that has a few million less customers?
Is it looked down upon in the US to live with your parents if you pay at least a fair market rent and don't have them take care of you any more than a landlord would?
I have an Apple wireless keyboard, an Apple wireless magic mouse, a bluetooth USB adapter and a Windows Vista laptop.  How can I get the wireless devices (keyboard/mouse) working on the Vista laptop?
What are the most common and useful Japanese slang words and phrases one should know before going to Japan?
Why is canola oil considered bad for you if food is deep fried with it and ok if food is baked in oven with it?
I just had my first day of cross country and ran 4 miles in 28:00. Is this good?
Can a happily married man fall in love with someone else and if yes what do honest men do then?
Why is Indian government only opposing Triple Talaq and polgyny while supporting polyandry and child support? What can Indians do to solve this?
How many 6 digit numbers can be made using digits 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, and 6 without repetition such that the hundred digit is greater than the ten digit, and the ten is greater than the one digit?
Are the Universities of Manchester and Southampton reputed for Mechanical Engineering (Globally)?
How can a small startup like Acorn (microfinance app) make money while charging no commissions on transactions and create tie ups with banks for free bank transfers for small amounts (e.g.  dollar 5)?
How might a personal philosophy and a religious philosophy come into conflict?
I scored a 1510 on the SAT (800 Math), 800 on Math Level 2, and 770 in SAT Physics. Is it worth applying early to MIT?
What causes some people to sleep for 24+ hours if they are only moderately sleep deprived and could instead sleep for a few extra hours each night?
What would happen in US politics if everyone that had an IQ of 135 and above were the only ones allowed to vote?
Why are the second order systems most popular in control systems literature and in industrial control system implementations?
What are the must visit and must see attraction when seeing Singapore?
How will it impact my career  if  I move out from a big software company and start working in small company (5 year old)?
Can you explain the Fibonacci sequence and why it is important?
For which English nouns are the singular and plural forms the same word?
How do I find a person that needs a job and a roof over there head, and a chance to turn their life around?
How did ISIS (The Islamic State of Iraq and Syria), apparently a terrorist organization made up of thugs and rag-tag fighters take over major cities in Iraq?
What should be the choice between Axtria and ZS associates for the post of a analyst?
How do I stop drinking sweet drinks and eating food when I am in trouble?
What is the purpose of working hard and achieve success if we are going to die one day?
How many States ratified the Constitution (122nd Amendment) Act, 2016? Has Jammu and Kashmir ratified this Act, pertaining to GST?
I have taken admission in Kurukshetra University and I am also getting chance of admission in NLU Assam, should I stick to KU or go to NLU Asssam?
How do we solve India's oil problem, and reduce its dependency on imports?
Is it illegal to sing other people's song and upload them in YouTube?
I have an awesome app/website idea which may get more than a billion users. But I don't have required money and coding skills. I tried crowd-funding but didn't help. What should I do?
Some people say that a lot of East Asians and South Asians look the same. Is this the same for Asians looking at non-Asians?
How can you tell if a girl is really in love with you and not just love you as a person?
What do you wish you had known and done when you were 18 years old?
I am doing my B.Tech in Mechanical branch from Malaviya National Institute of Technology, Jaipur and want to pursue M.Sc. (Physics) from IISc, Bangalore. Am I eligiblible to write GATE Physics paper?
What does it mean to think 'critically' and how can someone do that?
Is it normal to feel extremely tired after meditation and giving offerings to the gods?
What ingredients are needed and what is the brewing process to make a pilsner style beer and how does this compare to a malt style beer?
I am 15 years old and in 11th class and want to make online money and be a big entrepreneur. What should I do?
How do I overcome from the situation when I am deeply depressed and how do I get on with my biggest regrets in my life?
What's it like for a Muslim to leave Islam and convert to some other faith?
In India, how can I sign up to donate my eyes and other organs after I die?
I am currently doing my MBBS 5th year and want to do my internship in AUS. What is the procedure?
What would happen if Israel fired a nuke, and successfully destroyed Mecca?
If I blocked someone on Instagram and accidentally liked their photo, will they get a notification?
I had 3700 dollars and a half oz of meth when I was pulled over and cops kept my money how do I get it back?
What's the main reason for a tv that won't turn off and what can I do to fix this?
What is the difference between being agender and simply not caring about gender roles or stereotypes?
What are some of the most beautiful towns and places to visit in Cornwall, UK?
My ex said she still loves me she just doesn't want a relationship and the commitment that comes with it. Is there anyway to keep her?
What would cause a person that hasn't done drugs at all to show a positive for P2P and are there any food that would cause a false positive?
What are Moroccans like, and how does their culture compare to Zambia's?
What kind of algorithm or code allows AI like Cortana, Google Now, and Siri to respond to human questions?
What does the 69 sign for Cancer mean and where did it originate?
What are of the effects of high and low interest rates on the economy?
I'm a Muslim girl who made a mistake of dating. Now I'm feeling guilty and want to break it off, but I know the guy would be really hurt as I'm also his one and only best friend. What should I do?
Why is the European society ignoring the slaughter and the cruelty preformed in Arakan?
Why are all satellites and missiles launched from the east coast?
Do you want Taiwan to be free from China and become an independent country?
Which are the best Drug or Alcohol Rehab, Detox and Recovery Program Centers in the Los Angeles County California area?
Can somebody explain when and how you use \"lo\" in Spanish?
Is there a relationship between religion and happiness or alternatively depression?
Why are -is, -as, -us, -es endings more frequent in Greek, Lithuanian and Latvian than other Indo-European languages?
Grammar: What are the most common English language and grammatical errors made by people from India?
What is the difference between depreciation and devaluation of an asset?
How do I create a new Terminal and new shell in Linux using C programming?
What is the difference between ESL and English as a first language?
Where is the Baraka River located, and how does it compare to the Ural River?
When will Electrical Machines, Power System and Power Electronics will start at Engineers Zone Delhi?
Who are some good lawyers and law firms in Bourbonnais, IL?
Why are New York, London and Paris seen as the greatest cities?
My Chinese Name is Chenlingya, I want to change my English name.Lydia, Nicole, Lesley and Claire, but which one is the best?I like traveling,singing
When will the SDE intern position at Google Hyderabad and Bangalore campuses be open for summer 2015?
How do siliciclastic sedimentary rocks compare and contrast from other rocks?
What is the role of a solution architect in IT companies and what are his/her responsibilities?
Hi I had SMS and with a lady who was dating me and a another man.Now her husband is calling me and asking money and giving up threatening to beat?
What does Germany look like, and how does its geography compare to Croatia's?
Do biological differences between men and women explain their preference for different jobs?
What are some tips for doing well in Life Sciences 60 (Ethics, Biotechnology, and the Future of Human Nature) at Harvard?
Is it ok for suit jacket and pants to be different shade of black?
Can you be working for the CIA and not even know it?
What is the different between punk rock and metal and hard rock and all of that type of music?
What are the differences between a queen size and a king size bed other than the size?
How do I buy goods from AliExpress to India and how can we pay in USD?
What is the difference between customization, confirguation and extensibility in a typical application software (such as CRM, ERP or any enterprise apps)?
What can I do if I have an approved labor and and I140 if I don't have my H1B? How can I apply for an L1B?
What should I do if my husband verbally and physically abuses me?
What is the base salary of an Oracle sales and business development representative?
How does a a pluralistic society compare and contrast to a regular society?
How are some Twitter accounts able to upload and post videos longer than the specified limited 30-second duration?
As an insurance claims professional looking to enter into logistics and transportation as a planner, what is the optimum job title for which to apply?
Why do we park in the driveway and drive on the parkway?
I like this girl that I don't really know and tomorrow is a playoff game and girls wear guys away jerseys and I want her to wear mine what Can I do?
I am 21 and want to read some books of diverse genre/topic which can enhance my knowledge and improve my personality. Can you suggest me some books?
Should I study Android programming if I want to enter the mobile game industry or should I just learn Unity and forget about what the underlying code behind Android games do?
My icloud id is block and recovery email is also the same and I don't remember my security question how can I open it?
If you were to go back in time 1000 years ago, with nothing but your knowledge and 3 books to speed up the development of civilization, what books would you take?
What is it like flying from Bangkok to Manila and how are these touristic cities compared to Vientiane?
I am quite passionate about to start something onmy own and I have some ideas regarding these I don't know how to execute the plan, any suggestions?
I am a BTech /IT 2015 passed out. Now I want a job in the field of programming/developing and also I completed my Java course. What can I do?
If my best friend break with me without telling a reason and after 1 year he start to respect me again, what should I do?
What are the major stereotypes people have about Thailand and to what extent are they true?
My husband always says that no one can love a person more than his mother, and it really makes me feel bad, what should I do? Is he right?
If a WhatAapp message I sent was read today and had two blue ticks, why is the last seen status of the person still yesterday?
Which is a good inpatient drug and alcohol rehab center in Livingston County IL?
The finger touched the vagina and the fluid touched the penis. Can it cause HIV?
How do you write graceful and non-assertive letters requesting for personal and business favors?
I drink 2-3 drinks of beer and/or wine a day and would like to stop this habit. What are some tips?
How do you find the t-value and p-value in Microsoft Excel?
What did Democrats say about Diebold and the Florida Election Commission during the 2000 presidential election?
How can I record Skype, Browser, Game and Mic audio separately on Windows?
I have a woman friend I really like and want to be her lover. I am much older than her and she says she wants to be friends. What should I do?
How do I overcome a heavy loss in business and how do I overcome loans?
I'm starting a new clan on Clash of Clans and the clan name has to deal with water. What should the name be?
I am an HR manager in a German MNC in India with 10 years of work experience. My qualifications are a B.Com and then Masters in personnel management. My husband needs to move to London through his company for a long term assignment. What are the kinds of jobs I may be able to get?
What is a good inpatient drug and alcohol rehab center near Monroe County FL?
Does memory take up space in our brain like files in hard drives and is there a limit to our brain's capacity to store memories and other information?
What are the strongest majors in terms of job prospects and what are the weakest majors at Texas Tech?
What is the relationship between DNA, chromosomes and genes? How do they function together?
Xcode 7: is there a way to have \"Focus code blocks\" on editor enabled during typing and not only on hover on the code folding ribbon?
Should anti-aging company Elysium's board and advisors resign until tests on humans are complete?
What is a good comparison between entity-relational (ER) and object-role model (ORM) data models?
Which is the best web design and development company in Chennai?
What is structural geology and tectonics and when does it occur?
How do I ensure I get a good score in the writing and speaking sections in the IELTS?
What are the Indian Customs rules and regulations for entering the country with a drone/quadcopter?
What are the names of the specific executives at Marvel and Fox that are preventing X-Men & Fantastic Four characters from appearing in the Marvel Cinematic Universe?
What was your biggest mistake and what was the lesson you learned?
Do you think BJP can finally come into power in UP in 2017? If yes, how and who should should be its CM candidate against Akhilesh and Mayawati?
People are only spending 3 mins a month on Google+. Why is Google+ so unsticky and what can Google do to keep people on the site for longer?
What is the food one can eat and not eat to reduce the blood ESR level?
Is it true that Julius Caesar and Alexander the Great were gay?
Where can I get best technology and experience in Sydney for photo booth services?
Do people with ADD or the inattentive ADHD forget and misplace things? I misplace things quite a bit and forget things sometimes as well.
Is the Indian government's decision to illegalise 500 and 1000 rupee notes a masterstroke or a flawed plan?
Is it wrong for me to be inquisitive and positive questions on what I don't know even if they sound stupid?
What's the deal with all the images being shared on Facebook which say \"Share this and see what happens\". I never do it. Am I missing out?
How can I change my network name and password in Comcast?
Why did most social media platforms like Quora, WhatsApp and Facebook messenger switch to circular thumbnail views for profile pictures?
I am a beginner in photography. I started with my DSLR a couple of months back. I have a got a hold on photography and I want to start it off as a profession. Where can I start it from?
Can a person live healthfully off of nothing but salad and cage free eggs? If so, what would the salad have to consist of?
I have successfully been unemployed for a year & 2 months today and I feel absolutely pathetic and worthless. Does turning things around ever happen?
How can a 14-year-old boy get stronger and faster for football?
What is the third largest island in the Malay Archipelago, and how does its wildlife compare to Majuro's?
Was Harley Quinn always crazy and eager to fall for someone like the Joker? Why?
What is the importance of education and knowledge in one's life?
Where can I find the answers to the exercises in Government and Binding Theory by Lilian Haegeman?
Can we prevent hair fall through medicine and lotions prescribed by doctors?
What is the difference between gross pay and net pay? How are they similar?
According to the Bible, how and when did Creation take place?
Do you think both Radhika Apte and Bani J look similar?
What is the benefit of banning polygyny if our laws and culture are going to tolerate serial monogamy?
When it comes to love and marriage is age just a number?
Who will win the 33rd match between Kerala Blasters and FC Goa in Hero Indian Super League 2016?
What is ecological gradient and what factors does it relate to?
What strategies can be used to attract your first customers? You're a new company and do not have references or success stories, how to convince potential customers?
How do one obtain a license in buses and lorries in India, what are the criteria needed and how is the driving test?
Why does Permanent Court of Arbitration violate UNCLOS of no role in territory disputes and ask Asia-geography illiterates to produce rubbish paper?
What are the health pros and cons of taking a cold shower in the morning?
What is an intuitive explanation of adeles and ideles in algebraic number theory?
Which engine is more efficient, powerful and recommended? Diesel or petrol?
If I exercise for three hours a day and stop eating and drinking will I lose much weight within 13 days?
If I started an Instagram like app today, how would I convince people to post and that they don't find an empty platform?
I am currently a officer in IOCL and ONGC result is about to come. Should I resign IOCL and go to ONGC?
If you had your garage automatically open and shut from time to time for no reason, what does that mean?
What are the differences between a rock salt and sea salt and how are they both formed?
What is the difference between object-oriented and function-oriented system design approach?
I don't want marriage, children, or a typical life. I want to focus my life on meditation and knowledge. Which lifestyles could realistically suit me?
Apple is finally opening its stores in India and it will skip resellers. How is it going to be helpful for the consumers?
How is ihm lucknow in terms of studies and placement? And what about the hostel?
What is the difference between first and second law of thermodynamics?
What roles did Hitler have in the Nazi party and why were they assigned to him?
For an MBA (Finance) student, what software skills and tools should be learned to boost employability?
If I start playing basketball my junior year in high school and stand out with outstanding statistics can I still be recruited by a D1 school?
Is there a way to use both Android and iOS on an iPhone 6?
How do you find happiness when you have nothing in your life and you can't change your position?
Why do Pakistani army attack on India again and again even knowing they will not win?
Is the University of Waterloo any good if I want to go for their regular (i.e non-coop) program in CS? I also have offers from the UofT and Purdue University. Which one would be the best choice at the undergraduate level?
I'm currently working as a tech support representative in a small company and I'm getting offers as a service desk or IT helpdesk in MNCs as a contract basis or permanent basis. Is it best to quit the job and prepare for another few years?
Why india has not adopted cloud ionisation and artifical rain making yet?
Can a student scoring average marks in PCB (physics, chemistry, and biology) in class 12th opt for a BBA in college and a good score?
What is the difference between low context and high context marketing?
What are the best source for news on South Korea and Taiwan (markets, economy focus)?
I'm a CS engineering student currently in 6th sem. I'm not very convinced with what I have learned so far. I just want to start once again and learn everything that is required to be a good software developer. What is all that I should learn?
What is the difference between a condo and a townhouse? What are their similarities?
How does the latest decision of abolishing 500 and 1000 rupee notes help the Government curb corruption?
I am thinking to work for fews years after I complete my B.E+MBA to learn and then become an entrepreneur. Am I wrong? Justify.
Why is cmos preferred over nmos and pmos although any one of them provide the same result?
I have created an advanced calculator with Atmega32 and code vision, but I can't add differentials and integrate them to my calculator. How can I solve my problem?
How do foreigners travelling in India adapt to Indian toilets and the method of washing using water (instead of toilet paper)?
What genre does this song belong to, and are there any other similar songs?
I have 60 percent aggregate in my BE in ECE (electronics) stream. I am planning to pursue MS in the US, but I don't have work experience. I am preparing for GRE and IELTS. Will I get into good US universities with my academic score or should I apply for MS after working in an IT company?
I am a student and have a unique hotel business idea and I do not know how to get investment? Where should I start?
Why doesn't India impose a economic blockade on Pakistan and force them into giving up nuclear warheads?
Where do available Factory second shirts and jeans at wholesale price in Delhi?
When do Trump and his Trumpeters think America was great before, and how are they planning to get us back to that era?
Is there an inpatient Drug and Alcohol Rehab Center in Amador County California?
I have an Integrated Btech MBA degree. How to fill graduation and post graduation CGPAs separately?
How can I use Omegle on my iPod Touch and how is it compared to using CamSkip?
MS in VLSI Design and Technology: Among Arizona State University, University of Texas at Dallas, University of Florida, Northeastern University, Syracuse University and SUNY Buffalo, which ones are worth applying considering Job prospects after MS?
Is there a difference between a Libertarian and a Socially-Liberal Republican?
How can I install NGINX, PHP-FPM 5.6 and Joomla on Amazon EC2 instance?
If somebody deletes the contact from their WhatsApp then is it possible to send and retrieve the messages to same contact in my app?
What is the future for visual presentation and exhibition design? Is it a good major?
What is black money and its challenges in the Indian society?
What does metatarsal stress fracture feel like and how can this be treated?
I love a guy a lot and he knows about it but I m not sure he loves me or not..He has never expressed it directly though at times he desires for love from me and talks romanticaly..How should I make out his feelings for me..Does he also feel the same?
What is difference between non-uniform flow and turbulent flow of fluid?
How do I find out how many photos and videos I've uploaded to Google Photos?
What is the iOS jetsam, and how does it exactly work?
What are the most interesting products and innovations that Prosperity Bancshares is coming out with in 2016?
As an Introvert, am I frustrated and criticized for being anti social ?
If wolves knew about dogs winning the America's favorite pet election on the animal planet website and could talk not to mention give a dang what do you think they would say?
What is a good laptop for programming and gaming around 1300USD?
Which is a suitable inpatient drug and alcohol rehab center near Sumter County GA?
Why do people stick themselves in jobs they don't like and offices they despise, and keep on doing the same things even if they know it's not getting them any closer to happiness?
How does one deal with a boss having favorites and making wrong decisions based on that?
Which bollywood songs have lyrics with deep meaning and you can put them in category of \"the best\"?
Which book is best for Indian history and world history for ias preparation?
What can an individual or a family or a business in Norway do today to prepare and adapt for the coming impacts of climate change?
What is the difference between a high pressure weather system and a low pressure weather system? What causes it?
What is the criteria of MIT in fibre and textile technology?
Suppose we do merge sort with a three-way split: divide the array into 3 equal parts, sort each part and do a 3 way merge. What would the worst-case complexity of this version be?
How do candy apples taste and why would their taste differ?
Where can you go to look up a license plate and owner of a car without any charge?
What are the major highways in Alaska and how were they built?
Where do you think Leicester City are going to finish in the league next season and how far will they progress in the champions league?
Which is a good inpatient drug and alcohol rehab center near Summit County CO?
What is the degree of the involvement of politic's black money and drug mafia which has indirectly kept the insurgency alive in North East India?
How do I get unlimited minerals and uranium in Galaxy Control?
In a students life, school and intermediate levels are very decisive, but [assumptions] only rich people are getting quality education and normal schools are not preparing students to learn or innovate?
How did Quincy Larson and his team build Free Code Camp's forum?
I want my ex-boyfriend to ask for forgiveness and say that it was his mistake that he left me. How can I make sure that he does so?
What if the batsmen hits the ball and it touches the wire of the sky camera?
What are the advantages and disadvantages of being a man or a woman?
What are the organisation which gives you job as a civil engineer and also let them play cricket at a good level?
Ride-Sharing Company Comparisons: Which is better and why: Lyft, Uber, or SideCar?
FAFSA approved my loans to travel and study abroad. Will it release them to me so I can leave the US?
My father is cheating my mother again and again. He has affair with another lady and also have the habit of drinking daily?
What is the relationship of Boston University and MIT neuroscience professors compared to that of Brandeis?
Why is violent racism so much more prevalent in Europe and America than in other parts of the world?
Who are some lesser known important historical figures of Bulgaria and what should people know about them?
What is the best, most popular way, to make and invest money successfully?
I got a 316 on the Manhattan free online GRE test and 321 on Kaplan's online test. How much should I expect on the real GRE?
What towns are located near the Kilauea, and how does this volcano's activity compare to the volcanoes in Europe?
What are the strengths of utilitarianism and what are its weaknesses?
How can I get a US credit card as a non-resident alien? I have a EIN and a US bank account but that bank does not issue credit card online.
Why is the Internet so slow in China and what can be done to speed it up?
What are the best ways to get more plays and followers on SoundCloud?
What is the difference between computer science engineering and information technology engineering?
I have 26 backlogs with 2 current backlogs and GRE 314 . suggest me some colleges for MS in MIS in USA .
Is there a way to email my Viber message history and keep the messages on the phone?
How is the accommodation facilities and working environment of shapoorji Pallonji E&C in the Kolkata region?
Who are some lesser known important historical figures of Oman and what should people know about them?
I think I am pretty good at thinking of a business model, and I wish to become a great entrepreneur. I am still 18. Should I still go to college?
What are your views over discontinuation of Rs 500 and Rs 1000 notes? What will be it\u2019s outcome ?
How many protons electrons and neutrons are in a helium atom?
How many grams of fat can I loose by working out and burning 1000 calories in a day?
What would happen if India, Pakistan, and Bangladesh reunified into Akhand Bharat?
What is the most relaxing and laid back place to live?
What is 40 megarays and how does it compare to mega pixels?
How can I teach my children to embrace and practice critical thinking?
What are practical applications of machine learning and machining or manufacturing?
What is the difference between sun sign and moon sign in astrology?
How does it feel after clearing IPCC and going for articleship?
Love: I think my best friend likes me. We are both girls and I believe I'm in love with her. Should I ask her how she feels about us?
She said she won't easily fall in love anymore and it's not easy to steal her. Should I take that as a rejection?
How common is oral herpes, and how can you treat it?
How and where can I get best Ayurveda health and beauty products in India?
How can I reduce my sleeping time and concentrate on my studies?
Worst Movies Ever -- What movies have you watched and wanted to sue everyone involved with the movie for its existence?
Do girls like boys with moustache and beard or clean shave?
I'm a ECE student. After I qualify for my GATE for CSE and get into IITB, can I expect a core package?
How do fish breathe when river beds dry up, and they bury themselves in the mud?
How much do Singaporean people know about Russia, its people and culture? What is the image of Russia in Singapore?
What is the song I wanna be everything\u2026 I wanna see everything\u2026 I wanna feel you and me in season 2 episode 2 of Don't Trust the b- in apartment 23?
Is there essentially any difference between taxation and the state taking away one of your arms?
Is it normal to be extremely motivated for few months and extremely depressed for few months?
What is the best video for someone who has never done yoga before and has bad wrists? (See details please!)
How do weathering and erosion connect the water cycle and the rock cycle?
Why does the indian state of Jammu and Kashmir has two capitals?
What are the career growth prospects for a student with a postgraduate degree in biotechnology and with a master's of public health in epidemiology?
Now that many GOP players have denounced Trump including Senators and National Security officials, will Paul Ryan un-endorse and denounce Trump?
Warren Buffett has challenged Donald Trump to release his tax returns and Buffett will release his; both are under audit. Should Donald Trump accept?
Should you wash off a toner or leave it on and apply moisturizer over it?
What will you do if you regret your choices later and now you can not change it and have to live with it for whole life?
At what point will development in computing, programming and technology be too fast for any human to keep up with?
My uncle's dead body's face had turned severely black and his ears were completely blue. Was he poisoned?
Is there a recommended Solar Energy provider and Panel Installation company in Higley AZ?
Is it just a stereotype that all Asians have black hair, and if so, do some of them have brown hair?
Is there a lot of conflicting information and philosophies, in traditional Aikido compared to modern jiu-jitsu?
How can I know if I'm brainwashed and how do I stop it?
I'm not happy. Something is missing in my life. I don't want to talk to anyone. I don't pick up the calls of my parents sometimes. I am just 24 and I feel like my life has come to its end. I am getting depressed day by day. I want to live my life happily. How can I get happiness? What should I do?
What are the advantages, disadvantages and practical applications of two phase method in operational research?
What are the best resources in internet to read and learn about Swami Vivekananda's life and teachings?
What is the eligibility for the CAT, the GMAT and the GRE for a graduate?
What is the difference between good and poor quality DSL modems?
Why do table fans rotate in the clockwise direction, and ceiling fans anti clockwise? Is there a technical reason?
How do I convert north poles and south pole of magnets?
Does cannabis kill cancer cells and inhibit the growth of cancerous tumors?
How can I use a parametrized constructor with character and print them to string values?
If \"nothing\" is a concept, and a concept is something, then is nothing something?
How are the rates calculated for unemployment benefits in Maryland and how is the process different in Ontario?
Are there any eCommerce CPA networks out there that do not require a personal website and previous experience in order for me to start publishing on classifieds, magazine articles, etc.?
What is the difference between minimum support prices and procurement prices in India's agriculture context?
If I had unprotected sex with a girl about 1-5 days before her period, and she got her period, does it mean she isn't pregnant?
What is the relationship between Burt Rutan's company, Scaled Composites, and Elon Musk's company, SpaceX, and are there any noteworthy differences between them?
What is the difference between \u201cI got stuck\u201d and \u201cI get stucked\u201d in traffic, and when do we use the past participle with the present tense?
Which is a suitable inpatient drug and alcohol rehab center near Jackson County AR?
Is there any app one could use to hide/unhide and view WhatsApp media, e.g. really personal images/videos?
What is the typical student at a top university like Harvard, Yale and Princeton like in terms of personality, character and interests?
Which is a suitable inpatient drug and alcohol rehab center in Heard County GA?
Vedic Astrology: What is Chandrashtamam, what are its effects and is there any evidence to prove that something like this can affect someone?
What is in the glass and is it half empty or half full?
If we had another civil war and it was North versus South, which side would win?
Why is saying \"madarchod\" offensive and saying \"motherfucker\" funny in public?
If I get my H4-EAD approved and my spouse's current H1B expires and he applies for extension, will there be gap in my EAD status?
What is a summary of \"Green Eggs and Ham\" by Dr. Seuss?
How can I change my life completely and make it interesting?
What is the difference between \"A True Story\", \"Based On A True Story\" and \"Inspired By A True Story\" in movies?
If a human had infinite strength and folded a piece of paper continuously what would happen?
What were the major effects of the cambodia earthquake, and how do these effects compare to the Valparaiso earthquake in 1822?
Where can I buy crockery for my kitchen? I am based in Dubai and I want to some quality crockery?
If I take out a loan in California (US), secured by the value of my home, what happens after I die if the value of the home and my remaining assets cannot cover the money required to pay back the loan? Will my children have to pay it or is it forgiven?
Is Donald Trump right that he and Hillary Clinton agree on childcare?
As an aspiring journalist with no journalism qualifications (but a masters in business and economics), how can I gain writing experience?
Is it possible for a person to pick up a Lyft passenger and an Uber passenger on the same ride?
What is the angle between the hour and minute hand when the time is 6:30?
Is it possible to smoke weed legally in colorado and then drive around after a few days?
What is a good and easy example to explain the concepts of id, ego, and super-ego to a ten-year-old? Is it better to give a daily life story?
I have recently bought nikon D5200 DSLR and I need some guidence for camera settings and photography, can anyone help?
Is the US right now more powerful than the British Empire and Mongol Empire during their glories?
How many 4 digit numbers can be formed by using 0, 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, and 7? How many of them are between 4000 and 6000?
The density of a mixture of o2 and n2 at NTP is 1.3 g/l.Calculate partial pressure of o2?
What is a deferred tax liability and why might one be created?
What are the problems while transmitting and receiving ECG signals via RF module (433MHz) using Arduino (ATmega328)?
What is Consumer Education and Research Centre, and what purpose does it serve?
I gave interview in IBM. They took my biometrics and asked to leave. Am I selected or not?
What are Hush puppies and why are they called that way?
How come sometimes I can see a followers post on Instagram and sometimes it says there are no posts yet?
How many candidates gave the SSC CGL tier 1 exam and how many filled the application form?
Why do people ignore the Holy Bible and the Holy Quran in the subject that all of us must be equal?
How can I complete the entire syllabus for class 12 in 2 months and still manage to score more than 90 percent (up board) my exam begins from 18 feb 2016?
Do women get horny as often and as intensely as men?
What is a good inpatient drug and alcohol rehab center near Graham County Arizona?
How do I connect mobile's 3.5 mm jack and 5.1 channel speakers?
Who are some lesser known important historical figures of Togo and what should people know about them?
How will you relate the continuity and uniform continuity of a function?
How would a war between Russia and the US look like?
Is technology changing too quickly for humans to understand and use? Is there a possibility that the goldilocks principle may be applicable in this scenario to humans?
What are the salient and essential features of a Religious Man?
Which is a suitable inpatient drug and alcohol rehab center near Banks County GA?
Given 3L of budget for first 3 months how do you start and run an apparel brand? Where do you focus - product, sales or marketing?
Is America tired of being told what to think and feel by vocal liberals?
I'm looking to make some quick bucks as I broke my phone and my mother is paying for the repairs temporarily, how do I do this?
Is it a good idea to order a product cheap wholesale from china and try to sell it on craigslist? What should I know about that formula?
How can I be optimistic about life and have more anal fun?
One person gets a week off on Saturdays and Sundays while others get off on Mondays and Tuesdays. Is that a correct sentence?
If there was a war between India and Bangladesh who would win it?
Why Indian products are sold costlier in India and same products exported to foreign countries and sold at cheaper rates?
When I uninstall WhatsApp and reinstall it, do I get removed from the group?
What are the pros and cons of having a pet bunny?
What are all of the \"Bros before Hos\" variations that Zac Efron and Dave Franco came up with in Neighbors (2014 film)?
Which is a suitable inpatient drug and alcohol rehab center in Mobile County AL?
What are the trends in the telecommunications environment and in what way would they impact recruitment?
What is a good resource to use for family history and ancestry? I recently found out my grandfather was USMC in the South Pacific in WW2.
I have nikon d5200. I am planning to ditch my kit lenses 18-55 & 55-200mm and want to buy one lens. Which one should I buy 18-140mm or 18-200mm?
If a potential adviser/investor asks my start-up for \"a one paragraph description your company and how I fit in\", and we currently are only seeking advice not investment, how should we answer?
My ex boyfriend lost two wives and four women including me. What's wrong with him?
How was the Delhi government's metered free water and electricity policy fared? Was it successful?
Why does Wisconsin believe in not invoking the death penalty and why do they see this as beneficial?
How should I choose the best pillow for comfort and sleep? What's the best position to sleep in?
What is it like flying from Bangkok to Manila and how are these touristic cities compared to Kathmandu?
What was the significance of the battle of Somme, and how did this battle compare and contrast to the Battle of Leningrad?
I sprayed my oven with a non-caustic oven cleaner and forgot to clean it and, now, my apartment smells. What are the dangers, if any?
When there is no attempt to hit the ball in cricket and the ball goes to the boundary without touching the batsman will it be 4 byes or dead ball?
What will happen if I take Panadol and Coca Cola instead of water?
Why are we the most advanced creatures on Earth and yet we can't understand what causes us to function?
Is it hard to become a vet and does it pay well?
Why did the caste system thrive only in India and not in other regions of the world?
How long does methamphetamine stay in your system and what can you use to get clean faster?
Can autistic people read our minds and know what we are really doing?
Why one of my Tinder matches disappears and then shows up again?
Why does my cat lick and bite at the armpit of my clothes?
What is your review of University Institute of Engineering and Technology, Kurukshetra University?
What are some impressive and inexpensive sound libraries for Logic Pro X?
In what areas or fields are computers not used. This is an assignment and I can't find any reasonable answer.?
What are a few PC games that you played in 90s and still love playing them?
What are the main advantages and disadvantages of the separation of powers?
Is there a GPU faster and more powerful than the GTX 1080?
What I can do now because my 18 year will be completed in 17 January 2017. and most companies age limit is 18 year as on aug 2016?
What are the secrets only the wealthy know and the middle class is unaware of?
Can I get high at all if I touch weed and I have a open cut on my hand? Will the THC crystals get in my cut?
What is the average salary in Bangladesh, India and Pakistan for a MBA grad in USD?
What are the placement chances of film and video communication design at NID Ahmedabad?
How can you explain partial order and total order in simple terms?
What are the best natural treatment or product to grow and thicken hair without any harm?
Feeding the data warehouse through enterprise resource planning and non enterprise resource planning system?
Are there any non-stop flights between Leeds and Ibiza, and what are Leeds main tourist attractions?
Is it okay to take Advil Cold and Sinus when breastfeeding? Why or why not?
If someone has a domain name, but has not trademarked it and they aren't using it, can I trademark that domain name and then seize the domain name?
What is the difference between Augmentin and Zithromax and which one is stronger?
The religions of Judaism, Christianity and Islam are so common, yet they don't get along. Why?
I feel hopeless I\u2019m 27 no money, no job, no girlfriend and might be homeless, is life worth living?
My girlfriend is 39 years old and had sex with over 100 men should I be concerned?
Which is a better city to live, study and work in: Houston or Atlanta?
I want users, who are already authenticated with Google, to tap on a link and directly go to a new Google form. How can I do this?
Was the \"Apollo Lunar Module\" pressurized during the 6 moon landings between 1969 and 1972? If yes, then how did they open and then close the latch to get in and out of the LM while maintaining pressure? If no, then how did the astronauts survive inside the LM?
How is the chemical formula for titin determined, and how does it compare to that of myosin?
What are the views on tall guy and short girl relationships?
Why did the Papacy refused to be a subject of Italy, and as the result Italy recognized the sovereignty of Vatican City through the Latrean Treaty?
What is the difference between the Rollup and Cube functions in Oracle?
My uncle stays with his mother he is 31 years old and she pays his phone bill and he walks around slamming doors because he is broke? What's wrong?
Cooking: When you do this for yourself or the family; how many pots and pans do you usually have to wash up afterwards and how many remain unwashed after the coffee is served?
What happens if i eat 1200 calories and burn 300 calories for a month?
What are some good professors and well known people on Quora to follow?
What is the difference between had and had been in English grammar?
What are some of the simple and best ideas to decorate a diya for Diwali?
What is the difference between cache memory and primary memory? Where are these both stored.
How can I choose between Green Berets, Navy Seals, and Marine Force Recon? Which ones are the hardest in 1.2.3?
How can I get MOOC/e-learning through online web and video courses related to event management developed by Indian professorial/professors?
My period is about a week overdue. There is no way I can be pregnant, since I've never had sex. I'm 13 years old and I've had my period for around 2 years and it's never been this late. My cycle is around 29 days and it's been about 36 days since my last period. I'd really appreciate some help.
How to convert red, yellow, and white RCA cables to HDMI?
What is it like to be a Pakistani and watch India thriving in 2016?
Does having some difference in parents' name in class 10 and 12 marksheet create any problem?
What are the most convenient flights between Leeds and Ibiza, and how do Ibiza's tourist attractions compare to the ones in Madrid?
What are the positive and negative effects of industrialization and urbanization in Italy?
How are careers in biochemistry changing and what's necessary to stay current?
I always feel sleepy and lost in my own world.What should I do to avoid this and concentrate during my lectures?
Is WIMPs incorrect? Will wave-particle duality ever be understood to be a particle and its associated wave in the strongly interacting dark matter?
Can my girlfriend kick me and my children out of her home with no notice?
Write down the expression for the diameter of the bright rings and express why the rings are closer at the edges.?
Which is a suitable inpatient drug and alcohol rehab center near Clark County AR?
I'm really depressed. I only got 62 percent in class 12 (non maths) and I wants to do a BBA. I'm dropping 1 year for the preparation of entrance exams like Symbiosis, GGSIPU, etc. Am I doing right?
I feel like jumping from a building if I am standing on the roof and I feel like drowning into the water when I stand in front of a sea or an ocean.Does that means I have suicidal tendencies?
What is the crime rate in the Borough of Ealing and how does it compare to Barnet?
Why is Apple getting rid of headphone jacks and other inputs? How is this a good idea?
Why do white people have variation in hair and eye color while most other races do not?
I didn't have much appetite before Prozac and still don't have it one month in either. How does this make sense?
Why is free saline water not used in extinguishing sudden fires and preparing grounds for matches in coastal areas in order to stop water crisis?
Can I still start ballet at age 22 and become reasonably good at it?
What's different between (R,+, .) and (R,., +) in algebra? Why?
How do I get rid of the pain and suffering from unrequited love?
I keep having dreams of me and my ex getting back together. What does it mean?
How long does a 10 year old from a foreign country learn English and be fully conversational? How about a 20 year old?
Why doesn't Instagram allow us to swipe between photos, and instead you have to view them one by one?
How do I stop thinking about my self and start thinking of others?
Do you think ban on NDTV is to spoil its credibility and project it as an anti national channel?
What is the difference between a product manager and a product support manager?
I'm a 14 year old boy who is around 5.8 and I weigh about 106 pounds. I go to the gym and do weight training 3-5 times a week and eat lots of food. Am I under weight? If so, how do I gain weight?
I am 22 years old and my weight is 85 kg. I am only 22 and look like 30 year old man, what are some ways to lose weight?
What are your favourite anime and why, put in order of best?
What are good Universities for PhD in US(chemical),If my GRE score was 295 (142 verbal, 153 quant, 3 AWA) and TOEFL score was 92(with 2 years of research experience in CSIR lab)?
What attracted the British to come and rule India for 150 years?
How do I gracefully let go of something you love and go to next phase in life?
My uncle stays with his mother (my grandma) he is 30 years old and she pays his phone bill and he walks around slamming doors because he is broke?
If IQ is not an accurate predictor of intelligence, how do we explain the fact that people with reported IQs of 140 and above have a better long term/short term memory, cognitive skills, and a higher linguistic aptitude?
What is the poorest country in Asia, and how does its health system compare to the poorest country in Africa?
How did Cain kill Abel and what happened after he did so?
When visiting London (UK) is it possible to see the rubble and remains of buildings destroyed by bombs in WW 2?
Does the US take adequate care of its service members, veterans, and their families in terms of healthcare, job training, education (children and veterans), etc.?
What should I do with my days? I have nothing to do and I just waste entire days watching movies/youtube videos and tv shows.
I smoked a bowl of crystal meth on Friday. I'm 5'4\" and 187lbs. Will I be able to pass a urine drug test on Wednesday for drug court?
I want to start a boutique from I could start and buy the wholesale suits?
Where can I get MOOCs/E-learning through online web and video courses related to store management developed by Indian professorial/professors?
I have an idea for an e-commerce startup and I'm a good developer. But the idea requires more than just app development and I can't afford to hire people. How should I go about it?
What will be the total effect on Pakistan and India if India cancels the Indus Water Treaty?
What will happen if Pakistan and China declare a joint war with India?
What are the resistor, capacitor, inductor, diode and transistor? What do they do in an electric circuit?
Is it normal to guy to be proposed and complimented by girls?
Why does Game of Thrones Season 6 have so many lazy and dumb plot holes compared to other seasons?
I want a laptop (portable) for movies and internet usage only which are my options max up to 25k?
If I delete someone on Snapchat that I have a streak with, and my account is available for everyone to snap/chat me, will that erase the streak?
I am building a digital stethoscope as a part of  final year project. We acquire the heart beat through diaphragm and and after amplifying it, the signal is fed to the sound card of laptop through the 3.5mm jack. The signal is then processed in MATLAB and then displayed on the screen. The problem I encountered was the input signal to the sound  card is too noisy. Ambient noise is preventing the accurate acquisition. How to filter out the noise?
In CBSE 2016 12th paper, I attempted all questions and wrote correct answers worth 20-25 marks, will I pass? For sure?
Why does any combination of (1,2,3,4,5,6,7,8, and 9) divided by 9 equal a whole number? (Not addition)
Can anyone on US B2 visa buys any business in USA and then change his visa status?
Chrome is written in C++, Assembly and Python. How were they able to write three different languages and come up with one product? What is the method used to merge programming languages to create software?
What causes bloody diarrhea in dogs and how is it treated?
Particle Physics Beyond the Standard Model: This is a two part question. Since the late 1970's what departure or changes, if any, have been made to the string theory regarding its existance in 10 and 26 dimensions? In addition, are there changes in vibrations, clockwise for 10 counter-clockwise 26 dimensions?
What will happen if the USA and China went into a war?
What is Hawala money and why is it illegal in India?
I am in class XII and studying physics, chemistry and biology. What are the career options for me?
What is the third largest island in the Malay Archipelago, and how does its wildlife compare to Aitutaki's?
Who does the female vocals in Secret and Whisper's \"Silver Mountain?\"
Is it hard to learn Spanish and French in the same time?
Why does jock itch smell bad and how can it be treated?
Is it true that CS Lewis and Tolkien had a falling out?
I was trying to execute a PHP file in EditRocket. I saved it under the extensions .php, .exe, and .php.exe, but I keep getting an error that the file directory is corrupted and unreadable. The working directory is set (already as default) to my PHP folder. What am I doing wrong?
What are the pros and cons of Ceasing Rs. 500 and Rs.1000 Currency Notes in India?
Text Editors: What are the pros and cons of using Emacs in Viper mode vs. using Vim?
If I have sex on the day of my ovulation and I get my period two weeks later, can I still be pregnant?
Botswana: What are the duties, rights, and responsibilities of Motswana citizens?
How much do you get charged if your bill amount and tip doesn't add up to what you filled in for the total amount?
Why DNA is always double stranded and RNA is single stranded?
Which is a good inpatient drug and alcohol rehab center in Fannin County GA?
How do you know your religion is the true one and not any other religion?
If you could go back in time and give your younger self life advice, what would you say?
What are some really good English songs and which website is the best to download it?
Can I get some survey results and stats of Indian consumers regarding e-commerce?
What is the difference between the Peano-Cauchy theorem and the Picard-Lindel\u00f6f theorem?
How do I plan a solo trip with barely least expenses and trip include mostly spiritual places of Himalayas?
I have a very good reputation among my friends (both boys & girls). They think I am very good boy. But I have watched porn a few times. I see good looking girls sometimes and then avoid looking and I tell myself that it's not good manners to stare. But am I bad because I am getting the thoughts initially?
What is the difference between 4g LTE and VoLTE? Which phone should I buy one with VoLTE or only 4G.
Question That Contains Assumptions: Why do Christians and Jews not believe in Islam as a religion from Allah (God), if they know that Muhammad is the true prophet and the mission in the Bible?
I am 30 years old, normal looking and single. Should I get ripped and start modeling?
I am a16 yearers old southasian girl. My height is 4'10 and my period started when I was 11. My mother is 5'0 and my father is5'10. Will I still grow?
If someone's not in my WhatsApp contact and he used to check my profile every time, will I know about it?
What is the difference between IDP and BC in IELTS? Why are people scared of IDP?
What would happen if I delete my recycle bin and from where can I recover it again?
I like this girl who is older than me and she knows I like her. What do I do to get her attention?
I extracted 4 molar teeth because the dentist said my teeth are over-crowded. I was too busy at work to get a second opinion and ended up removing the 4 teeth. I now feel worried about it. Are there any side effects of this? Will it affect my health in any case?
What are the subjects and syllabus of 4th grade in USA?
What are the applications that can use armature control to reduce the speed and also can use field control to increase the speed more than rated in DC motors?
What are the effects of the divided government during the Carter administration and did it have a positive or negative effect?
Suppose we have a really long straw with vacuum in it and closed from both ends. We submerge one end of the straw at the bottom of the ocean, and place the other end in outer space. If we now open both ends of the straw, what will happen to the water in the ocean?
Could the partition of India and Ireland be considered a colonial crime?
What are the most interesting products and innovations that Eclipse Resources is coming out with in 2016?
Which one out of Samsung Galaxy S7 and IPhone 6s is better?
Can a 16 year old and 13/14 year old have sex?
Why doesn't my question show up in my profile and how come I don't receive notifications on answers?
Should current ACME productions president Jamie Kellner get fired and be permanently unemployed right now?
How much does it cost to operate a website? Does the cost go up, and if so why and who are you paying? Who is profiting from the website?
What are some different types and sounds of voices and how would one describe them in writing?
What were the major effects of the cambodia earthquake, and how do these effects compare to the Banda Sea earthquake in 1938?
Is it okay to run in the morning and then go to the gym in the evening?
When did Shri Hanuman and Shri Ram had a fight between them?
Why do Indian consultancies in the US fake resumes and market candidates for IT jobs? Why has this practice continued?
Is it true that the Earth gets hit by comets and asteroids quite frequently or should I really start smoking something else?
Can a relationship between a 44 year old woman and a 22 year old guy really work?
Whenever I am with theists I am overwhelmed by their total belief in God and secretly wish to be one like them. I never tell them that I am an atheist for fear of hurting their feelings. Am I doing the right thing?
I am a clueless 23 year old girl. I want to achieve success, but half of the time I am making castles in the air. I don't exactly know what to do with my life and I feel if once I know what it is I will be able to work hard towards it. How can I know what I want from life?
Wheather a newswebsite appoint its own correspondent and issued id card them in India?
Why do analog chips use BJT transistor and not FET transistor like their digital counterparts?
What are the most interesting products and innovations that Associated Bank is coming out with in 2016?
How can I sell crops and agriculture products directly to European and similar markets from India (structured info)?
How can I only get big shoudlers and arms quickly?(Meanwhile be thin if possible)
Why are actresses paid less than actors and what can those in the film industry do about it?
What is the difference between speed and velocity in physics? What are some examples?
How are machine language (1GL) and assembly languages (2GL) similar and how are they different?
Is there an inpatient Drug and Alcohol Rehab Center in Shasta County California?
What towns are located near the Kilauea, and how does this volcano's activity compare to the volcanoes in the Caribbean?
Are restricted Boltzmann machines and deep belief networks more generalizable/adaptable than NNs?
I am working in an IT company and want to prepare for Bank Po. How can I do that?
I can't find my invitation to be a content manager on YouTube. I am a partner and have been for several months, does anyone know how to be re-invited?
Should the US try Bush and Chenney for possible war crimes?
How is the EIS stream in TCS for an Electronics and Communication Engineering fresher?
In the figure below, the circle with center P has radius 6 and the circle with center Q has radius 1. The circles are tangent to each other. Segment line QR is tangent to the larger circle and intersects the smaller circle at S. What is the length of segment line RS?
Got Jio sim with the code generated in Lenovo 4G set and want to activate it in iPhone 5s?
What exactly is GST bill and how exactly will it affect the common people?
When husband always tells me to shut up, keep silence and never sits down to talk to me. What should I do?
I'm 19 years old and don't know what to do with life. My life is boring and I do nothing the whole day. Can anybody help?
I frequently wet the bed when I sleep too deeply. I take steps to try to prevent it and it still happens. What can I do to permanently fix this?
What is the total number of Govt MBBS and BDS seats in India? And how many of them are for Gen., SC and ST respectively?
In the novel/movie Life of Pi, after telling both the stories (the one with animals and the one without animals), Pi asks which one is the better story. When Chiba replies, \"the story with animals\" and Okamoto agrees with him, Pi comments: \"And so it goes with God.\" What did he mean?
Are there any stories/books about someone who became a fallen angel and then somehow found the grace to reconnect to light?
Which is better out of the Bose SoundTrue and the Audio-Technica M50X?
Would America's healing from the Civil War been aided by trying and executing the Confederate leadership for treason?
I have been working hard. I read, I learn, I do exercise, I keep trying to improve myself to a better version, but I find that my life is still turning bad and souring. It seems like no matter how hard I try, I am still at the starting point. What am I supposed to do?
Where can I found many different sizes, styles and price ranges for jumping castles in Adelaide?
What are the strongest majors in terms of job prospects and what are the weakest majors at Adelphi University?
How can we avoid social blunders and gaffes when out in public?
What are the advantages and the disadvantages of working in a hotel as a receptionist and start work in a tourism company?
What is the difference between pre increment and post increment operator in C?
Who are some lesser known important historical figures of Anguilla and what should people know about them?
How do I drink saffron and milk on a regular basis for fair skin?
I am preparing for IIT JEE 2016. I have taken FIITJEE's AITS for two years. I topped in the last two tests scoring 218/360 and 234/360. Will I be able to crack IIT-JEE (I am in class 11th as of now)?
I was offered a job as a mechanical engineer (fresher) by Al Jaber heavy lift and transportation, Abudhabi. Do any of you know :
If someone sexually stimulates you while you are asleep, do you dream about sex, and can you remain asleep until nearing an orgasm or remain asleep while orgasming?
What is the purpose behind the 22nd amendment of the American Constitution, and how does it differ from the 3rd amendment?
What are monocot plants and what are some examples of them?
Where GATE EXAM score can be used other than PSU and applying for MTECH in IITs and NITs?
How much does a 1 bedroom apartment cost per week in Melbourne CBD and how much would it cost around 20 minutes away from the CBD?
Do you find that American cigarettes smell worse and leave an oily film? (As compared to Mexican or European cigarettes)?
What does 'benefit of doubt' mean and how does one use it in a sentence?
How did the dowry system really start in India and how much does it exist today?
There is this girl in my class, who keeps smiling when she looks at me, and looks away when I look back at her. What do I make out of this? Does this mean she likes me?
What is the difference between name and value in an HTML tag?
As more dark energy appears more vacuum energy and virtual particles appear?
What is a consecutive calendar day and how is it related with the Nanakshahi calendar?
How do I find a best packers and movers in India?
Are there positive externalities from pump and dump schemes in the stock market?
Why can't congress leaders just oust sonia and rahul gandhi from the party?
What can be my prospects of joining IIM Ahemdabad for MBA and later on Harvard for some courses, after becoming an IAS officer?
So this girl held the door for me while I was walking into night school (we have the same class) and on our way to class I asked her if she had contacts in and she said no these are my eyes I told her she had nice eyes. was that the right approach?
Who are some lesser known important historical figures of Italy and what should people know about them?
I don't know anything about programming and coding what should I do to start it?
How do I increase my companies productivity and how can I make huge profit?
If I apply for my sister to get a family based immigrant visa could she still apply and get a tourist visa while the immigrant visa is processed?
How do I increase views and upvotes to my answers on Quora?
How do gross profit and net profit differ from each other?
Why would the dentist drill and fill a cavity without anesthesia?
I don't feel any emotion anymore. Moreover, I don't want to be around anyone and be alone most of the time. I don't like people asking me questions about what I want in my life. Is it normal or am I broke?
I want to be a pilot but my math and physics not enough what should I do?
Do you have faith in politics, economics and legal system in your country?
What is the difference between NMF and LDA? Why are the priors of LDA sparse-induced?
What should businessman do with 1.5 million? Open new business or put into unit trust and use 80 percent of the yearly dividend to cover overhead expenses?
I have been out of high school for four years. My middle school teacher has always tried to contact me (in high school she saw me at practice and told me I should come over for a pool party or to help her daughters with soccer). Boldly, I emailed her. She wants to grab a bite to eat and catch up. Romantic or not?
My foot feels like it has a cramp in it, making it painful and unable to stand or walk without it hurting?
In the UK, in 2016, how I enable and obtain an IPv6 address on BT ADSL Broadband at home?
Will I lose weight if I diet and exercise for 30-40 minutes every day?
How could I use both Ubuntu and Windows in my laptop?
What was it like to work / visit the Dakshin Gangotri and / or Maitri research stations at Antarctica?
What are 10 everyday problems we all face and if they are solved, can make somebody a multi trillionaire?
The mass of the planet Jupiter 1.9 x 1027 kg and that of the sun is 2.0 x 1030 kg. If the average distance between them is 7.8 x 1011 m?
What is the difference between exception and interrupt in operating systems?
If Bill Clinton could win in 1992 and 1996, why did Hillary Clinton lose in 2016?
Which is a suitable inpatient drug and alcohol rehab center in Marion County AL?
What set of Linux applications should a software tester have and how can one install it eventually?
What is the best topic for a paper presentation and a model presentation related to technology?
What is the procedure to apply abroad for a master's in animation and graphic designing in the US having done a 3 year bachelor's degree in India?
If one somehow used to highly stigmatize or even hate a group of people and then suddenly discovered him or herself to be a part of it?
Is company secretary a good career option to take up, and what are the advantages of being a company secretary in India?
Where is the Hole-in-the-Wall located in South Africa, and how does this natural formation compare to others in Chad?
How can I reduce my belly and hips fat without doing exercise?
Can you worship yourself and worship God at the same time?
Which will be more helpful for a CS graduate if they intend to work in companies like Google, Facebook in future: keep problem solving and participating in algorithm competitions or fully focus on software development (learning technologies, work in open source projects)?
What is the academic pressure and workload at Ohio University like?
A candidate is selected for an interview for three posts. For the first post there are 6 candidates, for the second post there are 9 candidates and for the third there are 5 candidates. What are the chances for him to get at least one post?
Why can Google give me unlimited storage for life and Apple charges for more than 5gb?
Out of curiosity, if Google were to hire just one employee and they had to choose between a Stanford and MIT graduate, CS majors, who would they hire?
How do you compile and run Java in Sublime Text 2 for Mac?
I'm looking for water carts for hire. But I don't need from just a any company I prefer the one that has good feedback and good services. If you have any suggestion that you experience or someone you know hired before I would really appreciate it?
Mine neet marks are 503 and rank is 7472 gen quota up and raj domicile what should I expect?
Why is 'i' often pronounced like a 'y' in English and vice versa, esp. when they don't begin words?
I've had a cat since about June when she was 6 weeks old. She still won't let me pet her or hold her and acts like she's terrified of me. How can I get her to come around to me? Is she just a lost cause?
I want the birthday of my girlfriend to be really special and make it her best birthday. What are some good birthday celebration and gifting ideas?
Will the proposed Goods and Services Tax (GST) boost the Indian economy?
Who are the best professors in sports management and which universities are they at?
What is the difference between India and the United States of America?
Can you help me generate ideas for a project regarding logic and design ie Muxs, decoders, encoders and the logic gates?
Since few gamma and cosmic rays can pass through our atmosphere, can we image Earth with them and using their penetration image its subsurface?
What's the difference between the GRE and GMAT? And which one is more difficult?
I am gonna take my GRE in another 1 month and 10 days. How do I start planning and what are some good books to study with?
Do all smart phones have front and back cameras? How can I tell if my phone has both?
How can DMart sell groceries and other related stuff for less than most others can?
What was the production of artwork intended for in Hawaii and how is it compared to the one intended for in Massachusetts?
What are some good and basic projects of signals and systems using MATLAB?
Do astronauts think it is cool when they come back down to Earth and are seeing the past due to time going at different speeds?
Why isn't HAL and DRDO capable of producing aircrafts, submarines and tanks (why do we have to be dependent on foreign countries)?
How do I read The Hindu news from its app for UPSC and what sections should be concentrated from the app?
I do not have any savings. I only have an apartment worth 30 lakhs and I depend on a loan. Can I pursue a master's in the U.S with any bank accounts and white money?
Why do people celebrate their birthdays blowing out candles and cutting cakes. Where was this first started? What is the real significance behind this, apart from fun?
Why is Amazon charging less for the Mumford and Sons CD 'Babel' than it is for the MP3 download?
Why do I feel alone and sad most of the time?
Why do Nepalese hate India so much and make Anti-India comments?
How much exercise time is recommended daily and does this require a rest day per week?
How can I spot someones weaknesses and use it against them?
I made some mistakes in applying passport online and I didn't make payment yet, Can I fill a new application form and can I submit?
Indian constitution constitutes both Articles and Schedules. What is the need for both Articles and Schedules? Aren't Articles sufficient to guide?
I've beat all the rappers in my neighborhood in upstate New York. I'm ready to go to Detroit and battle their rappers on the street. Any advice?
What happens if Venus, Mercury and Rahu are in conjunction in the third house, in Capricorn?
What is the difference between 'Forecast' and 'Load Forecast' in BMC Control M V7.0?
What does it mean to dream of a coconut breaking open and milk oozing out and simultaneously in the background, a loved one breaks good news? All in a dream.
What is it like for an Indian to live and work in other parts of the world?
Which is a good inpatient drug and alcohol rehab center near Camden County GA?
Why doesn't Islam stress on meditation and self-realisation when Muhammad himself meditated 4 times a day?
How reliance is able to give unlimited internet and free calling for 4 month on new jio sim?
How can the function of the jejunum and ileum be explained?
I used my tuition teacher and now regret after knowing the reality of life?
What are some unique wedding rituals and traditions from around the world?
What is the largest state in India in terms of area and what is its population? How does this compare to the largest state in Australia?
I have a crush and his best friend said that he likes me. I message him and he reads it, but doesn't respond. What should I do?
What are the differences between heavy cream and heavy whipping cream? What are their similarities?
I'm not prone to accidents. I want the minimum insurance required in my state and want to find the absolute minimum rate there is for someone like me. Which website can I find it on?
I applied for canada express entry and my score is 449. What are my chances?
What is the difference between Regiment and Rifles in Indian Army?
How do you know if you have completely lost your mind and need to be admitted to the mental hospital?
Will there be any problem if both the husband and the wife are of the same blood group (B+)?
What is the academic pressure and workload at Louisiana State like?
Where does the water from the Great Lakes come from, and how does these lakes wildlife compare to lake Saimaa?
I can't take my life decision. I need my mom and my lover. I don't want to hurt them. What should i do?
Which one is a better deal in terms of curriculum, internships and placements, George Mason MSCS or Cincinncati ME in CS?
How do I recover my lost Gmail password if I don't have the same number and don't remember the recovery email right now?
What is the equivalent of Paypal and Google Checkout in the Middle East? (Saudi, Kuwait, Dubai)
Why is Narendra Modi so arrogant and why does he look stony-faced?
What is the differences between a page table and an inverted page table?
What are the pros and cons of living in San Francisco?
Does applying oil on hair for overnight and applying just an hour before wash,both have same effects?
How are the laws regarding speed limit enforced in Florida, and how do they differ from how they are enforced in Delaware?
What would happen if we cover the sun and no light reaches the earth?
Which is the best graphics card (1 and 2 GB) to opt for Windows 10 PC with 4 GB RAM?
I want to start programming useful applications for consumers. I know Java, and can write in Java very fluently. Where should I start?
I got an AIPMT score f 514 and an AIQ rank of 4167. Which college can I go to?
Taboos: In spite of the fact that India is the birthplace of the Kama Sutra and home to many explicit sculptures like the ones in Khajuraho and Konark, sex continues to be a subject that is pushed under the carpet. Why?
I feel uncomfortable, like someone's watching me. I see him stare at me and then we stare at each other for more or less a minute, but his eyes are so meaningful. What does it mean? What is he thinking?
Why do journals take so much time to publish and out a research work after accepting a submission?
What would be the best heating and air unit to put in a trailer , 16 x 80
Is the \"spooky hell dream\" actually something Mormons experience and talk about, or was it made up in the musical?
Does seeing coloured lines in your vision like green, and yellow, and seeing spots or shadows mean you\u2019re schizophrenic?
Regarding the Indian practice of Sati, why was / is it practiced and did / do the husbands of deceased wives get immolated too?
Is Westinghouse a good TV brand and how durable are they?
Is there an equivalent to Alibaba for manufacturers and wholesalers located in Latin America?
What's the difference between exploratory factor analysis (EFA) and confirmatory factor analysis (CFA)?
How does AIDS kill you and what will you have to face before dying?
What is the difference between a CEO, CMD, MD and COO and what are their functions?
According to Indians a small gap between jeans and top is shameless and a 6 inch gap between saari and blouse is traditional, why?
Should I leave my partner? He says I'm a gaslighter and that I have taken his purpose away from him. We are 18.
Do any of you live in an RV full time and if so, how do you like it?
What is the meaning of the AO code and AO type required for PAN card?
Is it true that boys and girls are born equally with no genetically predefined behaviors and society is molding girls and boys into stereotypical gender roles?
Can I get arrested if someone commits suicide and mentions my name in a suicide note?
What websites offer the best food and drinks deals in South Kolkata?
How can I get more views and upvotes on my answers?
For a computer science project/paper, I asked for and received a lot of help on IRC. What is the correct way to give credit?
Today when I sent the message on Facebook chat, it just said sent and not delivered. Does that mean the message didn't get to their device?
I believe Muslim women wear hijab for simplicity and modesty. But I see several women with hijab and \"heavy\" makeup, doesn't it kill the purpose of Hijab?
Who is Harley Quinn and Joker's daughter and what is her story?
How do I backup Blu-ray and DVD movies to NAS for playing on Plex?
In which countries are people the least and most interested by sex?
I have 40k to invest in share market. Suggest your thoughts on shares to buy and am looking for long term may be 5 year.
What is the historical importance of Rameswaran, and how does it compare to Kanyakumari?
Is it possible to blame language as a cause of death? \u201cHELP ME\u201d is short and sufficient in English but could other languages cause lethal delays?
Any social workers out there have trouble balancing wanting to be faithful and a \u201cgood Christian\u201d but also remain neutral and not violate SW values?
How can someone whose credit score is 508 with TransUnion and 545 with Equifax raise his credit score and become a normal, functioning, credit-worthy citizen?
Hello please who could help me with the name of a good product for hyper pigmentation and dark spots from acne\u2026 please somebodyyy?
What should I do when everyone I know outdoes me in all aspects and there is no visible hope of a bright future?
What is meant by metal temperature and how is it significant in a heat exchanger design?
What are examples of uncontrollable urges and how can they be treated?
What is the city of New Orleans\u2019 nickname and why was it given this name?
Is there any free Android app for monitoring server, specific IP and alerts you via notifcation or alarms if it goes down?
How many people will click a random link that displays nothing and does nothing just because some Quora question told them to?
Why boxing is still allowed although it is clear that they punch each other and many people died due to injuries in boxing?
What can I achieve if I continuously run 3km daily and perform no other exercise apart from running for the next 2 months?
How many Super Bowl rings does Eli Manning have and what games do they represent?
Why does Quora tell me that my question needs improving and then link me to a question I didn't ask? Is this a known common bug or am I special?
A source of light in a closed room with spherical, perfectly reflecting wall all around was turned on for a while and then turned off. Will the light particles be continuously reflecting and would we be able to detect light for eternity?
Is it true that mental math can exercise your brain and make you smarter in general?
What is the academic pressure and workload at Oberlin College like?
Did Facebook ever do a cohort analysis of it's users and what were the broad learnings?
Is the offset between the dark matter and the galaxy clusters due to the galaxy clusters moving through and displacing the SIMPs?
What's the main difference between Belgian Dutch and the Dutch spoken in the Netherlands?
Is having a high protein and high fiber diet good for weight loss?
Who's more relevant in today's world and why: The Avengers or The Justice League?
I have been called to an interview for an MS in applied mechanics by IIT Madras. How is the MS course in IIT M and what about placements? Is it worth it to leave my current job in R&D for an MS?
I'm bad in math but a great programmer, logical thinker and an excellent problem solver. How hard would it be for me to get a CS Degree?
What is the longest roller coaster in the United Kingdom and how does it compare to the longest roller coaster in Finland?
Why do some people ask nonsense questions on Quora and why do so many people still answer them?
What is the difference between Adobe Photoshop and Adobe Illustrator? Which of them is more useful?
What countries suffer from the most racism and prejudice? Which suffer from the least? Why are they that way?
What are the top 5 books detailing the rise and fall of the dot-com era of the late 90s?
I am all fucked up in life and unable to control anything. What should I do?
Do people in Kashmir really want to go and be a part citizen of Pakistan?
Is it a mistake if you like and comment someone in FB who is not in your friend list?
What is the difference between the current taxation and the new goods and services tax (GST) in India? What is the impact?
What can be a good attempt and score to clear IBPS PO Vi prelim for GEN?
What happens to all the characters in Pride and Prejudice after the novel? Did Elizabeth and Darcy have children?
What is the difference between a power transformer and a distribution transformer?
Did the ice age kill off the least capable Europeans and improve the European genetic pool?
I am buying a car for the first time. My budget is 4 lakhs. Which car and version should I consider? What are the points that I should keep in mind while closing a deal?
What exactly is calcification of the pineal gland and what is the effect of this process?
What are the biggest pluses and minuses about life as a foreigner in Singapore?
When did witch burning stop, and what are some proofs that it actually happened?
My girlfriend is insecure. She says that I can't find other girls beautiful and throws a fit even if I mention something like complementing an actress. What should I do?
I have to wake up early each morning, and I never want to get out of bed. How can I motivate myself to get up and out of bed?
What was your life-changing journey and how did it change your life?
During the Three Kingdoms period of Chinese history, how was Liu Bei able to attract so much talent, including Zhuge Liang (strategist) and Guan Yu (general) even though his side was militarily weaker than Cao Cao's?
What exactly is \"Big Ticket Advance\" and how are PSBs more vulnerable?
What do you think about people who are \"shy and extravert\" versus \"introvert yet outgoing\"?
Is there a way to view a Tumblr user\u2019s own posts and skip all the reblogging on their page?
When your adult child, who is otherwise a good person, is irresponsible, rude, disrespectful and insensitive, how do you explain to them that it's hard to point out the good things they do, when they really don't do that much good?
I found out my girlfriend was texting another guy. She told me she will remain friends with him and I have to deal with it. Why am I finding this really hard?
Can you use two or more triggers and actions on IFTTT? How can I do that?
What is a good inpatient drug and alcohol rehab center in Boyle County KY?
What do students studying in institutions other than IITs, BITS, and NITs think about students in IITs, BITS, and NITs?
Would you date a woman who lost one of her legs and now wears a prosthetic leg?
What was The Indian National Movement and why did it fail to inspire Indians?
I'm BBA 2nd year student from Bihar. when should I start my preparation for CAT and how should I start preparing for CAT during academics?
Is ipu good for chemical engineering and what about placements in this field?
Why doesn't Quora have an \"uninterested\" button for content (questions and answers) you don't want to see in your feed?
I read that Finnish uses cardinal directions (rather than left and right) like Guugu Yimithirr. Wikipedia provided no answers. Is this true?
Is virtues such as compassion and tolerance is no acceptable, as the past have years show?
How can I search the right papers which are related and useful for my own research? I am studying the oil/water multiphase flow in the porous rock?
What do you think about banning 500 and 1000 rupee notes in India?
If a crazed person says God said to commit a crime, can the judge rule that God isn't real and incarcerate said person? Would that affect religion?
Genetic Engineering: Can we change our genes and then \"fix\" our appearance?
How will the ban of Rs 500 and Rs 1000 notes affect Pakistan?
What are some good NGOs recognised by Govt of India and working in field of child education?
What is the difference between the 40 and 60 grade steel bar?
What are the strongest majors in terms of job prospects and what are the weakest majors at Columbus State?
How does age affect the ability to increase muscle mass with weight training? If a 20, 30, 40, and 50 year old all ate, slept and trained exactly the same, who would become become the most muscular & why?
What is knocking and detonation in the petrol and diesel engine?
What are the good and bad things about KTM RC 390?
Do black holes absorb all that mass and light to create the following part of the same universe?
What is the relation between OpenStack, OpenDaylight, OpenFlow and Open vSwitch? Are there other options in place of any of these?
What are the pros and cons of working with an NPO?
Why was india not islamised completely and how hinduism survived close to 800 year rule of muslim rulers?
What are Moroccans like, and how does their culture compare to Tunisia's?
Can Google Android be sued for wrongful death because the mute and the do not disturb functions on Lollipop OS do not work and kept the user from getting sufficient sleep?
Which is the best skin- bleaching product used in salons and where can I buy them in India?
What are the most interesting products and innovations that Waters is coming out with in 2016?
What if I say \"I really love Ekta Kapoor Serials\" and my favorite was \" Kyuki Saas bhi kabhi bahu thi\"?
This boy always touches my bum and crotch and says sexual things to me and says he likes me. claims hes straight and only messes around with me? Is he?
What are the differences between cheeses and what is the significance of American cheese?
Did Allah order Muslims to sever all ties with their Non-Muslim parents and other family members until they accept Islam?
Why are flannel shirts so awesome, and why do they fit so well?
Is bad teeth curable? I'm only 20 and I already have yellow, crooked teeth and some weird gross things in-between my teeth. Yes, I've been brushing.
Why are white people NOT white? I see that they are yellow, pink, red, orange and brown. Hence, why are they called white?
How easy is it to run your own mail servers and stop using third-party service providers (such as Sendgrid, Mailgun, Amazon SES)?
Which features/improvements would Google need to add/make to Gmail, Google Calendar, and Contacts to get Outlook users to switch to the web interface of Gmail/Google Apps Mail?
Should 13 year olds date because I am 13 and I get made fun of for not dating yet what should I do?
I know a woman who is stunningly beautiful, smart, educated, and well-to-do. Yet she's also friendly, humble and down-to-earth. How is this possible?
How do I choose the right and best Digital Marketing agency?
While men are more sexual, women refuse to have sex and men will remain unsatisfied. Why do women marry?
How much money do YouTubers make with 1 million views and above 10,000 subscribers? How much tax do they have to pay?
In India, why do most parents want their children to call them \"mummy and daddy\"? Why don't they like children calling them in their native tongue?
Do the President of the United States and his family have to live in the White House?
What is wrong with the car in the description and how much would it cost to get fixed?
What do Kannada, Tamil, Telugu people feel when their own people disregard their own language and feel cool about English or Hindi in their states?
Why do people have a tendency to repeat the same things over and over again to make their point clear?
Why do some people get everything that they want in life very easily, and some won't get anything even after taking so much pain to get it?
Why is \"Pokemon Ranger and the Temple of the Sea\" movie problematic?
Why do some square roots have both positive and negative roots, whilst other solutions have only the positive root?
With a salary of 120k living in NH, can I afford to build a 230k house and buy a 100k car? No debt, single, 5 years out of college.
Is it possible to believe in the bible (Christianity) and evolution at the same time?
In one episode of Impractical Jokers, Murr married Sal's sister for Sal's punishment. Is it true and did it actually happen or was it a publicity gimmick?
What would be the effect of towing our nuclear waste into the middle of the ocean and sinking it into one of the deeper trenches?
What do you think about Snapdeal's biased survey by AIRLOYAL and paying people to trend a pro-Snapdeal tweet ?
What were the positive and negative effects of the Cuban Revolution?
What is a documentary database and what is the difference between a relational and a documentary database?
Two guys having their first girlfriends at ages 18 and 32. What will the latter never be able to experience?
What is a good inpatient drug and alcohol rehab center in Madison County IA?
What is the difference between WD Elements and WD Passport external HD?
I am getting married In a veg family, I was a non-veg initially and changed for my boyfriend should we tell the truth to his parents?
What does Don Quixote promise Sancho Panza and how does Sancho Panza's character affect the book?
How can I understand startup stock and options and how they are different in layman's terms?
What are Moroccans like, and how does their culture compare to Nigeria's?
What is the career growth and job opportunities in SAP HCM module?
Do you believe that mind and heart are different things or the same?
Why do electrons in an atom exist in discrete energy levels, and why don\u2019t they fall into the nucleus or radiate electromagnetic energy as they orbit?
Transsexuality: What is the difference between transexual and transgender? Is it just a transitioning from one sex to another and transitioning from one gender to another? Are there only 2 genders?
How do you write out the sound of throat clearing and other sounds that don't have words?
I say I'm \"helping\" someone but all I do is cyber-stalk and shame them from beyond my anonymous identity. What kind of \"help\" is that? Imaginary?
How do I deal with my ex-boyfriend and ex-best friend dating?
What is the best sarcastic way to deal with a close friend when they betray your trust and disrespect you again & again before his girlfriend?
I'm 42 and feeling lost. Single, underemployed, and poor. How can I turn my life around?
How is time measured at the North and South pole where all the meridians of longitude meet?
How can I make my Bollywood, wedding and fashion blog popular?
How can a culture that accepts and embraces diversity of opinion be promoted?
What is the difference between OCR (optical character recognization) and OMR (optical marker recognization)?
I am a PHP developer. I am tired of he hassle and stress of programming and lack of money. What can I work?
Why hasn't the medical community come together and banned the sale of cigarettes?
Who are some lesser known important historical figures of Samoa and what should people know about them?
If I have a work iPhone and a personal IPhone (2 separate numbers), what is the best way for me to sync contacts, calendars, and reminders between them? Do I give both of them the same Apple ID and iCloud ID? 2 separate Apple IDs and a common iCloud ID?
What is the average number of cavities per person, and does it linearly grow with age?
College and University Admissions: What do your high school GPA and SAT score need to be to get into Stanford?
Can I apply for US universities (like MIT and other techs) with IGCSE and SAT II?
As a business owner / entrepreneur, how do you educate yourself and stay ahead of the curve when it comes to marketing?
So you know how difficult it is to find and use your search engine more than once?
Does inhalation of mosquito-killing liquids like Allout and Mortein have any harmful effects on a human's body?
Did any one got a thought to leave the present live and start a fresh new life in a new city with no contacts of family, friends etc.?
What is the academic pressure and workload at Bowling Green State like?
Why do most Bollywood movies have songs and item numbers while Hollywood movies have none?
Will relations between India and the USA get affected with Donald Trump as President?
What are the similarities and differences between dominant and recessive alleles?
Looking for the correct Latin to English translation of Devovi. It is a group's name and we think it means we are devoted. What does it actually mean?
I am dating a guy who never initiates messages or to hang out. He will text back and hang out when asked but does he actually like me?
Without Cristiano Ronaldo and Messi, who will be the next best world player?
What is a good inpatient drug and alcohol rehab center in Carroll County GA?
Is it worth buying Kindle in India and what books can one read using Amazon Kindle?
What vendor employ in order to understand more about their customer purchases and make recommendetion to them? CRM is answer or not?
What are some stories of the students who cleared VITEEE, MUOET and BITSAT without joining any coaching institute?
Does rub 70 percent Ethanol over my smartphone's glass and eyeglasses, kills adenovirus (Conjunctivitis virus)?
Why does my dog drink drainage water and still survives but doesnt want to try lays or coke?
Why does a ball when hit towards mid-wicket start bending towards square leg and when hit towards cover starts bending towards point (irrespective of whether it is on the ground or in the air)?
What are the improvement required in packers and movers industry in INDIA compared to US countries?
Which are the best Drug or Alcohol Rehab, Detox and Recovery Program Centers in the Merced County California area?
Is there an inpatient Drug and Alcohol Rehab Center in Napa County California?
As a fresher, how do I get a job in big data and analytics at Cisco Bangalore?
What is the success rate for rechecking of the CBSE class 12 papers, and is there a chance of the marks decreasing?
A local ISP is claiming 10 Mbps speed upto 100 GB and 1 Mbps at all times for one month at only 450,can this be true?
How is Bolivia's geographical location unique in the region, and how does its geography compare to Canada's?
What is the difference amongst bank, lender and promoter (with reference to S4A or stressed assets)?
Are there any examples of people who became famous and rich by doing their job (IT) not a business?
I am 13 years old, I live in Romania and I'm constantly verbally and emotionally abused by my father. How can I deal with his abuse?
If we are replacing old notes with newer notes (Rs 2000 and 500) in India, how is it going to help \"going cashless\"?
Why do some people write with their right hand and some write with their left hand?
Who are some lesser known important historical figures of Uganda and what should people know about them?
For men: what do you think about \"boys don't cry and \"men don't show their emotions\"?
What are the most interesting products and innovations that The Andersons is coming out with in 2016?
How are eukaryotes and prokaryotes alike and how do they differ?
What is a real estate broker and how does someone become one?
Why didn't demonetization happen while Raghuram Rajan was still the governor of RBI and happened immediately after Urjit Patel became the governor?
Which of the career between data integration (more of a BI, ETL using talend, DWH, etc) and data analytics (big data, spark, etc) has a bright future?
What are some inconsistencies between The Cursed Child and the main Harry Potter books?
Why all govt banks in India are dirty and just not start-of-the-art?
Is there a way to manually clear the cache and data for an individual app in iOS?
Why do most of the Americans and other countries citizen hate Donald Trump?
Which app is best for changing one's voice during a voice call and is free of cost and uses cellular network for calling?
In Indian movie duet songs, why is the guy always covered fully and the girl only wearing two small pieces of clothes?
What were the major contributions of the political leaders during WW1, and how are the compared to the ones during the Yugoslavia Wars?
Which is a suitable inpatient drug and alcohol rehab center near Walker County AL?
Is it possible to fall in love at the age of 7? I met a boy when I was 7 and I still can't stop thinking about him.
What is the difference between an X-ray and a gamma ray photon of 1 angstrom wavelength? How can they be differentiated?
Does the term \"full name\" in English mean just your given name and surname, or also your middle name?
Who designed the Uffizi Gallery and what are the must see pieces of art at the Uffizi Gallery?
: I have small pimple inside right testicle on uper side and feel pain on touch this particle can i cure without any medical trearment urologist?
Who are some lesser known important historical figures of Malaysia and what should people know about them?
Which is the best coaching for SSC CGL and Bank PO exams in Delhi and Chandigarh?
What does the sex scene between Dorian and Ethan mean in Penny Dreadful?
I'm a 31 year-old software developer that likes art, science, skiing, and hiking. I also like off-the-beaten-path towns, perhaps in Idaho. Any recommendations?
My urinalysis is normal except for a high level of urobilinogen (1 mg/dl) and mucus (3/ HPF). Should I be worried about it?
All my plants have problems with the leaves and im unable to identify the exact cause of the issue?
How could the universe appear out of nothing and what was before the big bang?
Which book is best for data structures and algorithms for beginners?
How long after mixing the component parts (developer and colour solution) can hair dye be used?
How safe is Papua New Guinea, and how does it's crime rate compare to Algeria's?
What are some major landforms in Texas, and how do they compare to the most famous landforms in Montana?
Can I legally try to make myself immune to all poison and venom? How would I go about it?
Why national political parties does not select candidate(s) for state and national constituency election based on voting inside the party?
How does a police manage to withdraw a gun and shoot a criminal who has already pointed a gun at the police and ready to shoot the police?
Why is Jana Gana Mana our national anthem, while it was written to welcome King George V and shows India's weakness, but not Vande Mataram?
How do I use shall and should, will and would, can and could in a sentence?
Which is a suitable inpatient drug and alcohol rehab center in Walker County GA?
Why should bowling alleys be quiet and how does this affect it?
Does Jimmy Wales also have a struggle story and will he like to share?
How do I call rest API of magneto using PHP and which directory should I put PHP file and what url should I hit for call magneto API like retrieve all products list?
Has the T20 format completely washed away the love for ODI and Test Cricket from the brains of Indian people?
Why is Turn Based battle System So much popular, I find it boring and a let off feature, despite the RPGs having good story?
What is the total currency amount of 500 and 1000 rupees notes in the Indian economy?
How should I order my steak for the best taste and not embarrass myself in restaurants?
What was the production of artwork intended for in Hawaii and how is it compared to the one intended for in Florida?
From a machine learning technologist's POV, what should health care providers and payers be doing more of to support ML innovations in health care?
Why has coffee started to make me dizzy and even give me anxiety attacks?
What does it feel like to be a father with social anxiety disorder and have a child or children who do not have social anxiety disorder?
Why do Mikhail Khodorkovsky and Vladimir Putin hate each other so much?
Is a masters in building science technology good? Do they have opportunities in the construction and infrastructure sector? Is it the same as construction technology?
Which are some of the most beautiful and soothing Hindi pop or Bollywood songs from the 90s and early 2000s?
What are the chances of catching herpes, chlamydia, gonorrhea, HPV and syphilis if you're a guy GIVING oral?
What is the difference between the percentile.inc() and percentile.exc() function in Excel and which one should I use?
If we do not know from where energy and matter came, does it mean that Creation was a miracle?
There is a woman who self inflicts small wounds, takes pictures and frames the husband of abuse. She did this with 3 husbands. Advice for the 4th one?
If you took all the money in the world and tried to buy all the land, raw material, product and property on the Earth would there be enough to do it?
What's the whole process for registration in miss India contest and what basic eligibility or criteria is required for that?
What is the difference between laundry detergent with bleach and laundry detergent without bleach?
How many movies has Ray Liotta acted in and how much money has he made?
How good is International Journal of Engineering Research and Development which has an impact factor of 1.79?
When does the actual admission process start in Manipal and when does the college starts?
If a promissory note has been drawn by one person and it states that it shall be payable on demand by another person, who can file a suit?
Between China, Finland, Andorra, Canada and Germany which of them is the best nationa to pursue a soccer career?
I'm 21 years old but still thin and short. How do I gain weight and increase my height?
What are the environmental impacts of the tourism industry and how does it negatively impacted Sydney?
What has Kejriwal done till now in Delhi and how is it compared to Modi's performance in centre?
What are the main issues that public property developments face, and how do the needs for such developments in Montana differ from Missouri?
How do we know that you will deliver for the people and not just for the big corporations?
Is it okay if I'm 16 and I've never had a boyfriend?
What would have happened to Jack and Rose if the Titanic hadn't sunk?
What are some amazing pictures and drawings which give a deep meaning (text may be there)?
Is it possible to make a UPC (barcode) scanner talk to two POS systems independently and simultaneously so when an item is scanned, the devise will send information to two different systems at (roughly) the same time?
Business Intelligence: Has anyone tried Slemma and what was your experience?
In the real world can men and women ever be equal?
Is it possible to be narcissistic and self-loathing at the same time?
Can I change board to CBSE board in 11th and 12th if I studied 10th in state board?
How much would it cost to attend the Sunburn Festival 2015 along with stay and food, from 26th-30th December, per person?
Most species of plants produce flowers containing both stamen and pistils why is producing flowers with both male and female reproductive structure and advantage for plant?
I go to the gym in the morning. But I feel tired and sleepy for rest of the day. How to manage? Should I start taking protein supplements (Whey)?
How do I delete music on my iPhone 6S+, and have that deletion sync to iTunes?
What was the significance of the battle of Somme, and how did this battle compare and contrast to the Battle of Port Arthur?
Why is the gap between the theatrical and DVD release of a movie getting shorter?
How do you find a cook or a maid in Bangalore and what are the problems faced in the hiring process?
How can I prove that every bounded and monotonically increasing sequence converges to its supremum?
Is really the step taken by PM Modi to devalue 500 and 1000 rupee note effective?
Will the Immigration rule change for EB2 and EB-3 candidates from India?
Challenges: How do you get a girlfriend and sex in less than 24 hours?
When you finish a plate clean in a fine-dining restaurant, does that make you look starved and classless? Should you leave at least some amount of it?
Which is a suitable inpatient drug and alcohol rehab center in Montgomery County IL?
) The biggest possible circle is inscribed in rectangle of length 16 cm and breadth 6 cm. Then the area of circle is?
Can a set be both a subset and a proper subset?
I want to stay with my girlfriend in one room in Patna for 2 days and nights. Where can I find a hotel which allows non-married couples without any risk at the cheapest price?
What happens to a contact lens that slips and gets lost behind your eye?
How can people in the U.S. change the delegate system and also open up elections to 3rd parties? The two party system is choosing the least worst.
What is the similarities and differences between X-rays and CT scans?
What is it like to be British and living in America?
Word Definitions, Terminology, and Jargon: What does monopolize mean and give an example for monopolize in reading terms?
A guy has a girlfriend. But when he saw me yesterday he slowly looked up and down at my body and then looked into my eyes. Does it mean anything?
Why do people have first, last, and middle names? Where does it come from?
Can you think of a word that means inventing new and potentially useful metrics?
I am an ECE grad, looking for jobs in the FGPA area. I have good grades and all, but I have this fear of taking up a job in this area. I feel I do not know enough to work in this area and even if I get a job, I will lose it pretty soon. How do college grads work well in FPGA related jobs?
What challenges/issues did Instagram and Pinterest face when using Django to build social networking sites?
What are some of the best gadgets and gizmos for a car?
When was the Canadian Citizenship Act passed, and what purpose do they serve?
Which is the batter field in b/w electrical engineer and civil engineer for great future?
Why is the flight journey from Dubai to Los Angeles always over Europe, Greenland and Canada rather than directly over the Atlantic Ocean?
Do we really go to other planets and take birth after death or take rebirth here?
What are my options after H1B stamped and I am still in India?
I am a MBA student and I want an internship in HR which I am not getting from college, and if by any chance companies are there, stipend is not offered. What should I do?
What does a birth chart say about me and how can I find it myself?
What are the minimum GPA and GRE requirements of Florida State University?
What are some examples of the best Mcguffins, and the best films without a Mcguffin?
Why do I wake up with a dry throat and mouth full of saliva in the morning?
Do bullied kids usually become successful and well adjusted later in life?
Is Modi\u2019s decision of demonetization of currency a bad decision and proving to be a disaster for the Indians and Indian economy?
As a student specializing in English language, literature and linguistic, how can I work for United Nations? Which job is suitable with me?
Will the skin get tanned on applying turmeric to face and getting exposed in the sun?
I have opened an account with SBI by depositing rupees 5000 and SBI branch has provided me everything but the Passbook. How can I get it?
Given m and n are positive integers such that for some positive integer x, \\sqrt{x+43}=m[/math] and \\sqrt{x+16}=n[/math], what is the value of the product mn as a positive integer?
I suspect my girlfriend is cheating and lying, but I have no proof. She's very sneaky and secretive. When I ask to see her phone for proof she gets upset. What should I do?
Can I give you my Skype and we will figure it out?
What is the ignition temperature and melting temperature of a woven glass fibre sheet?
Pull three blocks of same mass connected with each other, with F force and the acceleration is A so how much force will act on the middle one?
What are the best and most complete books for an SBI PO associate, IBPS specialized officer and a syndicate bank PO exam preparation 2014?
What should be one's relation to the internet and its \u201cdiscussions\u201d in times of studying or important transition phases?
How can space-time be described as a fabric that bends and warps if it is three-dimensional?
Incest: My sister wants to see my penis because she is taking health and has never seen one before. Should I show her?
I don't use the e-mail that I used for Instagram a while ago and I forgot my password. How do I get in?
How many shares does a company have and what are the different types of shares related to a company?
How many times can you do Wim Hof's breathing method in one day and is there any danger in doing it?
I took personal loan from HDFC bank of 4 lakhs and running used car business with it from home. Is this loan amount and interest exempted from tax?
Can you please judge about career and marriage 22-7-1993 14:55pm Hyderabad India.?
I have scored 68 percent in 12th and I have 3 certificates of basketball (regional level from Kendriya Vidhyalaya) and I also have some extra curricular certificates of different exams and cultural activities. Is it enough to get an admission in any college of Delhi University?
How can I increase traffic to my site and what are some suggestions on how to get more of it?
What and where are the most exciting and well-regarded C++ conferences?
Why is the negative terminal of a battery removed first and assembled last during engine maintenance?
If a guy stares into your eyes, follows you, tries to be near you, and copies your body language, does he have feelings for you?
What is the difference between bromide and bromine? For what are they used for?
What is the salary of the president, VP, speaker, prime minister, and other main officials of the Indian government, both national and state?
What is the difference between amendments, acts, articles and schedules with respect to the Indian constitution?
What are the certifications that can help with banking and finance domain knowledge for an IT professional?
What are the most common traffic convictions in Arkansas, and how does the severity of the convictions differ in Wyoming?
In Game of Thrones, since Catelyn let Jon live by undoing her spell, and considering Jon will be the saviour of Westeros, can we say she is one too?
What are going to be the leading industries and types of businesses in the next 50 years?
Why doesn't Pakistan take its drone case to United Nations and get the backing of the world against those who attack Pakistan's sovereignty?
The nucleus of an atom is found out to have a total mass of nearly 20.088 \u00d7 10^-27 kg and a total charge of 9.612 \u00d7 10^-19 coloumbs. What is its number of nucleons?
Will I be able to get my WhatsApp call logs back if I uninstall and reinstall WhatsApp without deleting my account?
Why is 25 paisa called 'chavanni' and 50 paisa called 'atthanni' in Indian currency?
What are the technical and practical requirements for domain-driven software design and customer centric IT architecture?
What is global inequality and what are the negative effects in society?
How can I tell if I have the temperament, disposition, and attitude to work as an economist?
Which place is best in kaziranga to stay? Which provides the best scenic beauty and also is closer to the booking office. Basically is in heart of kaziranga.
Could we create a mixture of a computer and a brain? (to make an inmortal and indestructible completely functional brain)
When do we use precompiled header and when do we avoid precompiled header?
What are the strongest majors in terms of job prospects and what are the weakest majors at Midwestern State?
I have completed Infosys Training as High Performer and I have been posted to Hyderabad Pocharam campus.What will be my salary Structure?
I am an electrical engineer but I want to work in a travel and tourism company. What is the scope?
I'm a 16 years old girl. My height is 4.10 ft and my period started when I was 11. can I still grow my height to 5.2?
Which organizations offer international graduate training and entry level positions in engineering?
How are Android games like Temple Run and Subway Surfers made? What tools were used?
Is there a difference between payment gateway and merchant account in India?
What if your crush finds out you like him, and never talks to you again?
How can I sell on eBay, when paypal doesn't support my country and other payment options are useless?
What are the differences between goalie skates and regular skates? What are some examples?
What was the production of artwork intended for in Hawaii and how is it compared to the one intended for in Wisconsin?
If someone among us was 5,000 years old, what could he know about history, events, and people that none of us could ever know through books?
What are the differences between the 1st and 2nd laws of thermodynamics?
What would happen if a gunshot were fired against you, and you touched it on the side with perfect timing? Would it fall to the ground?
Will the domain I bought from GoDaddy and a hosting eco web hosting work?
How will Modi's decision of obsoleting 500 and 1000 notes effect the Indian economy?
If you could go back in time and redo one thing, what would it be?
If you are a man, what are the pros and cons of dating teachers?
I have a crush on a girl, but she likes someone else. He's a bad guy and everyone knows it. What should I do?
Did Donald Trump inherit a lot of money and then increase his net worth at an unremarkable rate?
I need an explanation about the difference between statically determinate and indeterminate structures? And which is more applicable in real life?
During the breathing cycle, when air is taken in and let out, lungs always contain a sufficient amount of air (NCERT). What is the residual air?
Do we have a inbuilt Rules engine in Splunk and Is CEP is possible with Splunk?
What mobile recharge API is best and trustworthy? Does paytm use a mobile recharge API?
When do you use reduced integration and incompatible for quad in abacus?
I have a friend who is 11 and 5 foot 10. Is this tall?
How long does it take to get Nike ID shoes customized and delivered? How was your experience with them?
I've been playing strenuous soccer 3 times a week for 5 years. I'm in my mid-forties and I have no known conditions. Am I risking a cardiovascular event?
What is the best book to understand theory of special and general relativity easily and deeply with full mathematical explanation?
How do I gain muscle mass and lower body fat at the same time?
Why is it common for retail convenience shops and gas stations to be operated by those of Indian descent?
Is it worth the extra expense and loss of sleep and personal time to have a third child?
Where can I have carbon dating done, and how much does it cost?
What are constants in the field of science and what are some everyday examples?
How do I put a golf course in a bare land what is the minimum amount of space needed and how much would it cost without the real estate value?
How do you say \"thank you\" and \"you're welcome\" in American Sign Language?
Which sites are best for learning algorithms and data structures over video?
What does \"you kiss by the book\" mean in \"Romeo and Juliet\" by William Shakespeare?
Hypothetically, if Trump fails to reach 270 and the election goes to Congress, who would Congress elect?
How can you tell if a prostitute is a cop or not and can you to jail for buying a prostitute in exchange for sex?
Is it worth to buy 0.25 Bitcoin(600 dollar now) and keep it for a few years just as an experiment?
I have a fantasy about being kidnapped and gay raped. Is there anyone willing to do this to me?
I am an ECE 3rd year student. I am unable to link electrical and electronics. Where can I find an explanation?
Bands: I wonder how do giants like Iron Maiden and Metallica write and compose songs. Are they continuously jamming? Do the songs just come out of nowhere?
What is the best online service to generate Terms and Conditions and Privacy Policy for SaaS product?
How do I get my pictures and contacts back after my phone was factory reset?
What is a mixed closed economy and what are some examples of them?
Why can't Peter and Susan return to Narnia in 3rd part & Lucy and Edmund in 4th? Also explain the timeline of narnia with the real world?
Regarding Google Plus Profile  Privacy Settings:  Here's the scenario: An individual finds my Google Plus page. They go to my profile. They take a screen shot of it. The screen shot includes a portion which reads, \"Other Names\" below which is a name, below which are the words, \"Visible Only To You\" below which are \"Google Contact Details\" below which appear again, Visible Only To You.\" The screen shot was then printed and presented to a third party as evidence of my so-called \"other name.\" I logged in and saw the name, this time with the privacy settings set to Public but this profile defaults to \"only you\" so it had been changed. These changes to my profile were not made by me. Does the screenshot that was taken then printed mean the party taking it was actually logged in as me. Or is there another explanation?
Which are the best Drug or Alcohol Rehab, Detox and Recovery Program Centers in the Napa County California area?
Can someone be tried and/or sentenced to prison in a country he/she had never been before, and is not a citizen of that said country, for a crime he/she committed in another country?
How do we believe that cheese was discovered and was it discovered at different periods around the world, or in one region/continent and then exported over time?
What is the difference between ordinary work and Karma yoga and what is the test for same?
Hypothyroidism: I have no symptoms of low thyroid, but my TSH level has been elevated for years (5.26 most recently, and it's usually around there). Is asymptomatic low thryoid a problem?
What is the difference between Information technology and Computer Science & Engineering?
What are covalent compounds made of, and why are they important?
How can I get a secondhand Olivier Blanchard and Nicholson and Snyder for macroeconomics and microeconomics?
What are some local laws in regards to nudity in Vermont, and how do they differ from nudity laws in Illinois?
At what temperature does water freeze, and what kinds of chemical reactions occur when water freezes?
Which is the best institute for Bank PO and SSC exam preparation?
To succeed in film, must I invest time & energy first earning my Ivy League undergrad option and then an MFA in film, or does anyone succeed merely starting w/ a BFA in film from the USC School of Cinematic Arts?
What are the most interesting products and innovations that Global Eagle Entertainment is coming out with in 2016?
I'm 13 and my penis is 12 inches, is that unnatural and should I be embarrassed by it?
Is applying to Y Combinator and attending worth the time if you have raised  dollar 1 million, have a great product with traction, and investors wanting to come in the next round? What are the main benefits for a company at our stage?
I broke up with my boyfriend but I still miss him and sometimes I feel like speaking to him and telling him to give this relation one more chance. What should I do?
I want to buy a laptop under 45k with an Intel i5 or i7 processor, 4-8 GB RAM, 1-2GB graphic card and 1 or 1+TB hard disk without OS and preferably HP or Dell. What are some suggestions?
What are 5 examples of archaebacteria and what are their differences?
I want to change my school\u2019s website and get payed doing so. How do I begin?
What are some unusual aspects about politics and government in Mongolia?
What are the best quotations to use in everyday life from The Dark Knight Rises and in which situations should one use them?
Why do I always have hot flashes, anxious and tired but take forever to fall asleep and don't sleep very tight when I do?
If everyone from Germany was suddenly teleported to other planet (and also got high standard of living there since I don\u2019t want to be cruel) and other people took over the territory, would current German privacy regulations die on current German territory (get removed from political system, while being kept in historical records)?
What are the problems on spoj, topcoder and codechef that can easily be solved using C++ STL?
I have a score of 318 (159,159,4.0) in the GRE, 115 in TOEFL, and a 7.43 CGPA from Mumbai University, BE in IT.Can you give university suggestions?
What kind of shirt is this guy wearing and where can I get one?
Why do we need to care about comparing US dollars and Indian rupees? Why do we feel sad for inclination in US dollars for 1 INR?
A number when successively divided by 7 and 8 leaves the remainders 3 and 5 respectively. What is the remainder when the same number is divided by 56?
What are the best job fairs near Phoenix? When and where are they held? What were your experiences at them?
What is the best way to schedule my workouts looking forward gaining muscles? Legs and shoulders in the same day? Is it bad? Why? Into account I am skinny
What are the dangers of taking Paxil and Melatonin at the same time?
What are Steve Jobs' best quotes and stories from Isaacson book?
Why isn't the U.S.' atrocity in the Korean and Vietnam wars well known? Why aren't their then leaders prosecuted for war crimes?
Are you a UFO abductee who has communicated with aliens about their intentions, their origin, and their propulsion system? If so, what did the visitors tell you?
What does German sign language look like, and how does it differ from Spanish sign language?
Is there any mobile responsive free website builder? I tried Wix and some others which don\u2019t seem mobile responsive.
Can we use Xbox game discs and games on windows 8.1?
Politics: How different is \"right and left\" in the United States from Europe?
I am a 28-year-old guy working in IT and earning about 1.2 Lakhs per month. How should I live my life?
I accidentally chose the recruiter role, but I am very interested in working for an IT firm and I am very interested in learning technology related things. Is it a good time to change the domain/industry I work in?
What are the most interesting products and innovations that Chart Industries is coming out with in 2016?
If I would like to bring National Bank and its ATM facility to my village, to whom should I write a letter or mail?
I have got offer letters from two companies - UST global and AMDOCS(DVCI). Which company should I choose as a fresher and why?
I am a mechanical engineer. I dont like supercars or bikes. I have good grades and subject interest me\u2026but us this a drawback?
Why my extrovert friends make fun of me and belittle me all the time even though I constantly tell them I done like it?
Should the world ditch money and go back to a barter system?
What will happen to my body if I do 100 push-ups and 100 sit-ups daily for a month?
What were the most important causes and effects of the fall of the Roman Empire?
What is the shielding effect in chemistry and how is it related to the size of the atom?
How do I prepare for Bank PO and SSC CGL Simultaneously ?
In between Stanford, Wharton and Harvard which is better for MBA?
What are the aims and objectives of Cadbury Chocolate and how close do they come in attaining these goals?
How do I get rid of habit of constantly reasking and asking to repeat what other people say?
What is the bravest and stupidest things you have ever done?
Does a story's Act 1 contain a part 1a which is the hook and building sympathy for the hero while part 1b is the march towards the first plot point?
How do cell phone signal receptions and plan rates in Hawaii differ form the ones in Oregon?
Is the strongly interacting dark matter which fills 'empty' space and is displaced by matter what relates general relativity and quantum mechanics?
How can you find the length and width of a rectangle?
What are the M, V and N diagrams for this structure?
VoLTE is the next big thing in voice and video calling, why VoHSPA never took off?
How would vegans/vegetarians react if they were invited for dinner, and after the host learned they don't eat meat he asked them to make an exception for once?
How is the chemical formula for titin determined, and how does it compare to that of casein?
I found out this guy likes me and I said I wish he wouldn't because I think he's sort of creepy. I guess he heard because when he walked into class, his eyes were a little red and he sort of avoided eye contact with me. Was he crying at school because I said that and word got around to him?
Why is India's GDP calculated at factor cost, and America's at Market Price?
How are thoughts generated in the brain and which part of the brain takes care of that?
Is there any common ground between seeing the goal of advertising and marketing as a) getting people to buy things they don't want or need, and b) exposing them to things they might want if they knew about them?
I'm terrible at time management. I sleep at 5 am and feel terrible. I'm in dire need of help. What can I do? Any similar experiences?
Which is better to see things clearly and logically, deeply and intuitively or what else?
What's the difference between NPD (narcissistic personality disorder) and MNPD (malignant narcissistic personality disorder)?
How do you get to know yourself and what do you want in life?
My wife isn't sure if she made the mistake in marrying me because of some fights and she his unhappy. Does this mean she doesn't truly love me?
When do we use the decimal, binary, octal and hexadecimal number systems?
I am currently pursuing my MBA and I would like to make my career in the field of digital marketing? What certifications and courses I can do to differentiate my resume from other freshers?
I want a huge muscular chest. Could I get this by benching only 150 lbs and every workout increasing the number of reps I do? If I'm doing 300 reps with 150 lbs eventually, won't my chest be huge?
What are good things to sell door to door, and how should I sell them?
I'm desperately trying to get pregnant. I have severe vaginismus and no therapy has helped. What are the chances of a splash pregnancy if I tried on ovulation days?
What will be the effect of banning 500 and 1000 rupees notes on India and on the world economy?
What are the problems in the Agriculture Sector in India and how can we solve them in hindi language?
Are we Indians losing our culture and values due to westernization?
What is the difference between population deviation and population standard deviation?
How would you go about learning the Italian and German languages at the same time?
My friend got a 204 rank in the GATE 2015 and he is in the OBC category. Is there a chance for him to get into IIT Mumbai?
How do goverments in densely-populated countries like China and India manage to feed its huge population?
What is difference between data scientist and research scientist in Google?
How do you measure the mass and charge of the proton?
Is Neocell Super Collagen type 1 and 3 only for women? Is it good for guys?
Does universe expand because of some energy? And if yes and expansion has no limit, is that energy infinite or at least potentially infinite?
In Chinese strategy, what is the empty city strategy \u7a7a\u57ce\u8ba1, and what kind of situation is it to be used in, and against what kind of foe?
Where did Nagini come from and how did Voldemort turn her into a Horcrux?
History of China: What does the \"Ming\" and \"Qing\" dynasty mean?
Why do you chant the Hare Krishna Mahamantra and why specifically 16 rounds?
Hypothetical scenario: Once the new Queen Elizabeth class carriers and F35's are ready, could the UK retake Falklands against a united South America?
What are some thoughts on Masrat's release recently and who is responsible for that?
Should simulation be used instead of multiple choice tests and oral examinations for certification and recertification of nurses?
How will Donald Trump react if and when he loses the Election?
What are the top startup incubators, accelerators, and startup coworking spaces in NYC?
What is a good inpatient drug and alcohol rehab center in Glades County FL?
What is the difference between a person with average intelligence and a person with genius intelligence?
What does the poem \"Do not go gentle into that good night, Old age should burn and rave at close of day; Rage, rage against the dying of the light.\" mean in Interstellar?
What are the strongest majors in terms of job prospects and what are the weakest majors at the University of Bridgeport?
What are the best solutions to overcome anxiety and depression after breakup?
Why do you have swollen lymph nodes and what is the medicine for it?
I got a job 2 months back in Singapore, but I see that there is a huge difference in the position proposed and what I am currently doing, there is a skill mismatch. Is it ok to try for a different job or should I wait for some more time? What should I say during my next interview?
What is Brownstone Equation Editor 5 and what are its applications?
Why does my dog cry and bark when I run from him?
What exactly does \"Ghazwa-e-Hind\" mean? How and when did such a term come into existence?
Which is the best book for self studying cost accounting and financial management for IPCC?
Does ISS have access to Internet? If yes, how do they deal with malware and other computer systems security threats?
Was Cleopatra highly image-conscious and willing to do anything for herself and her country?
If I get a 2.1 GPA for both my sophomore and freshman year but my GPA tremendously improves to a 3.7  during junior and senior year?
Why don't Americans, Canadians, Western Europeans, Australians and New Zealanders consider Latin America part of the West?
In which temple is the wedding of Krish and Ananya in the Hindi movie \"2 States\" shot?
Can erectile dysfunction caused by smoking and over masturbation be cured?
Can someone break down the prices of food, clothes/materials, and tourist sites in Ghana, specifically Accra? Real numbers would be nice.
Between Iron Man, Ant-Man, and Batman, which is the closest to reality?
Why would a doctor prescribe promethazine with codeine for a bad cough and bronchitis instead of simply prescribing robitussin with codeine instead?
Owners of Xbox One - What is the console like and what are your thoughts on Kinect?
How to predict stock trades between so and so points for particular day?
What are the physical and chemical properties of diamond and graphite?
Do you think Indian government should respond fast and strictly to latest terror attack by Pakistan's terrorists?
Can you share a piece of work where you might have failed and the reasons why it didn't go well?
If our sun were to immediately stop radiating heat and light (with no other cataclysmic effects), how long would the earth continue to sustain life?
Does superfluid DM ripple when galaxy clusters collide and wave in a double slit experiment even though physics is too screwed up to figure it out?
Who makes the ketchup for McDonalds and how is this recipe different from other fast food places?
What is the difference between face value and book value in shares?
I want to knw hw to apply for iocl and ongc scholardhip and wen online application starts?
What are the different types of dentists and what exactly does each one of them do?
How come regular thermostat for Heating and AC does not switch between \u201cheat and cool\u201d the two mode automatically when you set it at for example 70.
I am a 25-year-old girl and still single. I'm a little bit worried that I will be single my whole life. Should I take blind dates and choose one to marry, even if it may need sacrifices? Or should I plan my life without thinking about marrying and believe Mr. Right is on the way?
Will there be a war between India and Pakistan in the near future?
Where can I meet Brit's, Irish and Aussies in the Toronto Area?
The Moon orbits the Earth, and the Earth orbits the Sun. What does the Sun orbit?
What is the difference in demand and salary for Data Scientist vs Data Engineer?
When do you use Ms. or Mrs.? Is one for a married woman and one for one that's not married? Which one is for what?
Pangrams: In English, using all the letters of the alphabet exactly once, and picking one dictionary, can you make a sentence, or any set of common English words?
I saw my colleagues partner holding and dancing with another girl tonight. What should I do?
My boyfriend's ex won't give up on staying in the picture. She hates me and is jealous, yet my boyfriend's friends/family still talk to her/like her. Do I have a right to feel disrespected?
What is the difference between insurance in the CIF and insurance for cargo on transit that was delayed or damaged?
Football (Soccer) in England and Wales: Why are there welsh teams in the English Premier League, and if they belong there, why aren't all Welsh teams in the English Premier League?
What do travel sites like Expedia, Kayak, Travelocity, and Priceline charge for a booking transaction?
What is a consecutive calendar day and how is it related with the Berber calendar?
What would you think or do if you were a single male over 65, not very healthy and you attend a church as a new member and the church leadership is asking if you watch porn or if you masturbate?
What are your favorite high carb and protein recipes for a mass gaining diet?
What are some good, thought provoking books about productivity and self improvement to help me develop good personal and study qualities?
I have to join a new organisation within 3 days and now suddenly my work visa gets approved. How do I decline them in polite way?
Hundreds of Filipino citizens are offloaded by BI everyday. How come these violations of the ICCPR, the UDHR, and the Philippines Constitution continue year after year and what would be the best recourse for someone who has been offloaded by Immigration in the Philippines?
How many times did Ross and Rachel break up on the TV show Friends?
On the American television show \"Criminal Minds\" the agents are profilers - they are able to analyze/read individuals and come up with an accurate profile for that certain person. Which field most aligns with this type of work - psychology or sociology?
I am 2nd year instrumentation engineering student at IIT Kharagpur and very interested in biomedical engineering. How do I get started in this field?
Why are people who do not accept homosexuality as a normal lifestyle called homophobes (\"homo\" meaning same and \"phobia\" meaning fear) when generally there is no fear of gay people involved?
Where can I found best quality and freshest meat in Sydney?
Why do I feel itchy and tired after I eat pineapple?
According to Indian constituency article 24 child labour is prohibited. Does that mean the children who are working in Bollywood and dramas are not doing labour, but the children working in industries are doing labour? Why this distinction?
What are the requirements to be considered for the United States Air Force and how do these requirements compare to Egypt's?
What is the best way (economics and service quality) to get a US phone number in India?
What happens to your body during and after running (on treadmill or otherwise)?
Art History: Which are some of the first and therefore least known paintings by famous painters?
As a company that provides travel agencies and tour operators with a software solution, for what can we use Google Travel?
Objectively, what are the most positive and negative things Obama has done during his presidency?
Can we calculate work done in moving a plunger in a hand pump and gravitational potential energy gained by water by moving the plunger?
What is meiosis and how are meiosis one and two different?
When my boyfriend yells at me and shows me a rude attitude, I remain quiet and do not mum a single word. Is this going to change him after some time or not?
Which is a good inpatient drug and alcohol rehab center in Seminole County FL?
What is the significance and importance of HRM in the global world?
How do I treat staph infection and inflammation on my left hip?
I'm 31 and lacking motivation. I've lost all confidence in myself and I'm not sure how to pick myself up. What should I do?
How do I have one number and make different calls simultaneously?
What are some reliable wildlife organizations and how can I know my money is effectively invested in protecting wildlife?
How can I explain about black hole and space time to ten year kid?
My partner left a suitcase full of our stuff lying around and it inevitably got stolen. How would/should one react? It's not the first time!
Why are classical music \"pieces\" called \"pieces\" and not songs? (Opera is also a type of classical form but that's neither called a piece nor a song).
How do I create a post on Quora and what are some good reasons for creating posts?
What are some of your New Year's resolutions, and what five steps do you need to take to achieve them?
What are unsolved mathematical problems, and why can't they be solved?
Where can I found very durable and easy to clean floor tiles in Sydney?
I am 26 women.. Actually I have got a boil kind of severe pimple near vagina and its hell painful. Feels stinging like needles in it while walking?
If you dream about something that happened to you in the past and relates to your situation now could the dream come true?
Is it weird that my fianc\u00e9 and I go to the bathroom together (without pooping)?
I spend lot of time myself so I could finger out and listen to what is inside people heart and head?
Will you watch the debate between Clinton and Trump? Why or why not?
What is the difference between humans and other living things on earth?
What if black money holders make a treaty with temple trust and donate and then take back from.them after Dec.30 in new currency?
I am a freshman in high school who has not yet taken any physics courses and I wish to take the F=ma exam in January 2017. How should I prepare?
What is the difference between the GCC compiler flags -fPIC and -fpic? When should one use one, the other, or both?
Was Mozart actually a genius or is it due to his father? Since he was a musician and taught him from a very young age, could it be only training?
How does Clinton/Kaine intend to support down-ballot Democrats, and what can we do to elect a Democratic Congress?
I want to do a short online survey of about 10 questions targeted at teenagers and adolescents. What can I do to make my questionnaire available to as many people as possible within the target group?
Based on the recent threats and issues regarding the US, Russia and China, is World War 3 near?
Why do European expats (Brits) suddenly behave rich and pricey as soon as they move to Dubai?
I have learned big data platforms, like Spark, Hadoop and so on. should I learn c++11? How do I use it in big data analytics?
Why is Pro-hindu statement communal and pro-minority is secular in India?
My IELTS score has old passport info. I changed my name and date of birth as it was wrong in the old previous passport. Is that okay for study permit?
Is there a surgery to make you taller, and how is this procedure performed?
Is there a conspiracy theory linking 9/11, Porsche 911 and 911 (emergency phone number)?
What is the SCM & Logistics process and models for an eCommerce like Snapdeal, Flipkart, FabFurnish & Jabong?
What will happen to Indian economy, after banning 500rs and 1000rs notes, like in 2020 how will be Indian economy?
If someone has millions of dollars, doesn't need to work, and is only 35 years old, did that person win the game of life?
How does someone with ZERO coding experience and a terrible attention span get into learning python?
As an experiment, I tried talking less (even a few years ago I did this). And not talking both times made me feel limited and I did not like my feeling. What is a way to change the thoughts and feelings inside to help me have less of a hardship when being silent?
What do I do if I like someone and he likes me too?
What are relatively cheap countries and schools to get a commercial pilot licence with a PPL already?
Can you give me a sentence that makes and doesn\u2019t make sense at the same time?
Is \"Pok\u00e9mon Ranger and The Temple of The Sea\" considered childish?
What was the significance of the battle of Somme, and how did this battle compare and contrast to the Battle of Guadalajara?
Which software should I use to model a house and render it with full interiors?
What is a good inpatient drug and alcohol rehab center in Logan County AR?
Why does the entire village just drop everything and set sail at the end of Moana?
Why are college loan interest rates so much higher than mortgage and auto loans, and the rate the banks borrow from the federal government?
How can I think on my feet and strike interesting conversations?
What is the Tiffany & Co mission statement and how well do they succeed in fulfilling its goals?
What are the environmental impacts of the tourism industry and how does it negatively impacted Shaighi?
There was a funny picture, where a Galaxy Note 3 and an iPhone 5s were visible. The 5s was stabbed by the S-Pen. Where to find it?
What kind of precautions should I take for my skin and hair and ears and everything else if I get into a pool of water every day?
How would you pronounce the name Zentradi and does it sound like good name for a home tech products company?
I wanna get over my neet exam which I ruined? I hd been gettin a 470 in ph 1 and it dropped to a 446 in ph 2. I feel too bad. how do I pick myself up?
I have two samsung chargers model EP-TA50IWE with output: 5.0V - 1.55A and EP-TA10IWE with output: 5.3V-2.0A. Which one is fast charger?
Is there a formula where you put in your opponent's moves in and when calculated it tells you where to move and what to move in Chess?
What would you recommend to a vegan who's tired of fruits, grains and vegetables, but has no desire to eat fish or meat including eggs and milk?
What is the sigmoid function, and what is its use in machine learning's neural networks?
What are the colors of Ravenclaw and why do they have those colors?
What are the strongest majors in terms of job prospects and what are the weakest majors at Barry University?
What is the future of Business Intelligence and Data Warehousing industry in India?
What would happen in India if Hindus and Muslims were Hindus?
What is the future of Nagpur with MIHAN (Multi-modal International Cargo Hub and Airport at Nagpur)? What industries are going over there?
What is the percentage of a reservation quota SC,ST, and OBC population in India as compared to the general category?
What is the number when divided by 7, 9 and 11 the remainder must be 1, 2 and 3?
Can high rating in HackerRank and good results in HackerRank contests get me a job?
What makes soapstone ridge constructive and destructive at the same time?
Was first Presidential debate very telling about both candidates involved, and what were your major observations about both from debate?
If you want to work for Research and Development for Innovation Technology in Pune, what and where are the best places to work for?
Where can I get best commercial and industrial pest control services in Randwick?
We have a brain for one reason only, to produce adaptable and complex movements. What do you think?
If there is any disagreement between Supreme court of India and the ruling Govt over some contentious issue, then who will be considered parmount?
What are the recommended fruits and vegetables for a bearded dragon to eat?
Why is the speed of aircraft, ships, and submarines measured in knots instead of in mph or km/h?
What are the best things to see and do in Toronto for a few days?
What is the placement record of Nirma university for 2016-17 for CSE and IT? What is the highest package offered this year?
I am looking to buy a mattress that feels soft and comfy like the hotels, and are good for health too. Which mattress type and which mattress brand in India should I go for?
Why do two singers on stage get into each other's \"face and spit\" using one microphone instead of two separate ones?
I have started a convo with a girl and have exchanged numbers . What should I do to make her talk to me and taking interest in me?
If earth had an atmosphere to float in, but no winds or jet streams and you launched a hot air balloon, would the earth pass by under the balloon or would it remain fixed to that area of land?
What should I do if my PhD advisor and lab colleagues think I'm stupid?
I plan to write my gmat next year. How should I start my preparation and what books should I buy to mostly practice the math?
Where can I buy Vajiram and Vision IAS class notes and handouts in Delhi?
Which is the most beautiful and cheap place we can visit at the time of vacations?
What happens if you message someone on Facebook and delete the message before the other person reads it, does he receive the message?
How did demonetization of 500 and 1000 rupees notes affects you?
How are the producers able to find and cast newborn infants on the show \"Call the Midwife\"?
What is the difference between satellite and fiber optics in telecommunications?
Can Anyone passing 12th from NIOS and 10th from CBSE is eligiblefor BLAT (BHU Law entrance test)?
Where can I get necessary legal advice and services in Sydney for property transaction?
How do the movie versions of Fred and George Weasley differ from the book versions?
Everyone has a self-destructing thing in some way, what is yours and are you doing something about it?
My Dell Inspiron 7537 heats up when it goes into sleep mode and switches on and becomes burning hot after shutdown. What is wrong and how can it be fixed?
I am a 13 year old boy and I am 5\"8. My parents are 5\"3 and 5\"10. How tall will I be?
I'm 13 years old, 5\"1 and 124.8 pounds. My goal weight is 110. I am looking for a healthy diet and excersize plan. How can I do this safely?
What was the relationship between Julian Assange and Jimmy Wales? Why is Assange \"most wanted\" and Jimmy Wales is not?
With is thr Optimal period and place to bring mordor an conquer our world?
Is there any difference between similar size cold and hot rolled aluminum sheet?
My Audi A4 2008 was overfilled with oil and the engine stopped. How much will it cost for repair?
What are some good reasons to start or continue smoking, and what are some of the benefits of smoking?
What are the differences in India and America as far as beggars and homeless are concerned?
What is the law of detachment and what are some examples of it?
Autism: How relevant is the quote \"inconsistent performance despite great effort. People with ADD do great one hour and lousy the next, or great one day and lousy the next, regardless of effort and time in preparation\" to those with autism spectrum disorders?
I am 27 years old and all my friends are way ahead of me in career and life. I am still not able to get anything. I always seek motivation everytime.. its a hard feeling to even express. My dreams are big. But ofcourse there is a time limit for that, I badly want to achieve it, but may be I have no good and expertise people around me to guide me.. I really don't feel like going out and hanging out because I think I will myself not enjoy anything unless I achieve my goal first.  How can I achieve my goals, what makes a person persevere nice if he doesn't have any good friends and mentor in life? Can any one answer me please
Can you block a person on Instagram and still follow them?
What are the strongest majors in terms of job prospects and what are the weakest majors at Bucknell University?
The function of the atria is merely pumping blood recieved from the vena cava and pulmo vein to the ventricles. Why couldn't we have evolved a heart with no atria and the Sinoatrial Node being on the ventricles, which would increase ventricular contraction and decrease energy required for a heartbeat?
As an Indian, how do I apply to ETH Zurich and study with a full scholarship?
Open Culture: Why do indians consider kissing as a crime? Cause we are still living in a society who is so conservative and narrow minded that they think that a boy and girl  holding hands are commiting a sin that even god will not forgive The 70's generation seem to be so ignorant that they have killed the way of emoting the feelings.
Do you have any creative and innovative ideas for a mobile app?
How long does it take for hair to grow and show after it has been pulled out from the root?
An old photo on my Instagram feed from two weeks ago will now not load. It is just grey and when I open it there is a reload arrow but when pushed nothing happens. What is happening?
Is it cruel to dismantle your boyfriends lego and withhold one vital piece so it can never be whole again?
I graduated high school 2 months ago and don't know what to in the future. Advice?
What was the significance of the battle of Somme, and how did this battle compare and contrast to the Battle of Nanshan?
What was The Hundred Years War and who fought in it?
What is the origin and meaning of the saying a whistling woman and a crowing hen are neither good for God or men?
Why most of the embarrassing, motivational and life changing incidents happen with big writers only ?
What are some nice 24/7 coffee places with PowerPoints and WiFi in Charlotte where I can work other than Amelie's French Bakery?
What would happen to an older adult who already owns a home and works for himself if he stopped paying his student loans?
What is the position of the sun moon and earth in a solar eclipse?
Are Organizations and HR placing enough emphasis on succession planning and training or is this still an area that requires improvement?
Do eCommerce sites like Door Dash, who take retailers menus and inflate the prices to their users and deliver them, pay sellers tax, or resale tax?
Is V.S. Naipaul right in saying that Hindu mortality centered on the self and self-realization has its own social corruptions?
How much money and time would it take to become a doctor in india and how much in the US if an indian wants?
What are the strongest majors in terms of job prospects and what are the weakest majors at Cal State Sacramento?
What happens if I deep fry my PF Chang's sweet and sour chicken? Will it turn out good?
Do female Quorans get more followers and upvotes than male Quorans?
What are the strongest majors in terms of job prospects and what are the weakest majors at NYU?
Can a founder be fired and asked to sign a separation and release of claims agreement?
I confessed a girl that I liked her. On Hearing the confession she turned and went away without any indication. what should I interpret from this?
My website earns about  dollar 200 a month from AdSense and paid listings and about an a hour a week of my time. Should I sell it or keep it?
What are some great achievements and brave desicisions taken by Jayalalitha?
Were do we find maple syrup and cayenne pepper in bangalore?
Hello I have completed btech in ECE 2016 with 59.6 percent with 1 backlog in 7th sem and im fresher imthinkingto do PLC isitgood? Sugest better placetolearn
Why doesn't Caroline Kennedy tell the American people the truth that the CIA and the military industrial complex have targeted the Kennedy family for generations?
What are the differences between a penitentiary and a jail? What are their similarities?
How can I improve intonation and speak english fluently within few days?
What's the body that governs sports in Spain, and its (email) contact point?
Is it possible to india and pakistan to become like britan and scotland?
I currently have an iPhone 6 and I want an upgrade, should I upgrade to a 6s or 7?
Does \"ice and fire\" mean White Walkers and Dragons or Jon and Dany?
Will people hate you if you are the richest man, have won two nobels and a field's medal, is insanely attractive, competent and profoundly intelligent and a rockstar?
Is heavy cream the same as half and half? Can they be substituted for each other in recipes?
Why are courses on Udemy hundreds of dollars and then go on sale for 90 percent off? Does this mean they're no good?
What is spice level netlist and where do we use it in the design flow?
Is 8.0.cgpa is good in class 10th and 68 percent in class 12th?
What are the basic steps to become a data scientist and where should I start from?
Is there anyone who clear the upsc exam and become an IAS officer without coaching?
What does the public think about mandatory seat belt laws and what are the current laws and enforcement techniques in Arizona?
Can a person with 79.46 percent in 10th, 90 percent in 12th,  70.30 percent for graduation and 3 years of work experience have any chances of getting the call from any of the IIMs?
I got admits from Karlsruhe Institute of Technology and University of British Columbia in MS Computer Science. Which one should I pick?
What is the climate of California's coastal regions, and how does it compare to the climate in Kentucky?
What is the salary of an ethical hacker in India and is it necessary to have any graduation degree along with the knowledge of hacking?
Why do people always hate people that voted for Trump? I voted for him and people/friends view me as an axe murderer?
How can you check for your UCLA admissions status and how should you prepare yourself to enroll in it?
What does Germany look like, and how does its geography compare to Belgium's?
I deleted a friend from Snapchat, but he's showed up under \"added me\" and it says \"added you back\", is he trying to add me after I deleted him?
Are CNN, ABC, NBC, Google, Reddit, FB, etc. eating crows and digesting feathers and beaks over Donald Trump\u2019s victory?
What is the best and easy way to find your I.Q?
Why did Britain start WW2 and then blamed it on Germany?
How will India be affected now that 500 and 1000 rupee notes have been banned?
How do you find the total number of left and right sub-trees of a binary tree?
Have you ever experienced a moment and thought that this exact moment has happened before?
I think I love my neighbour. She is my age and sometimes when we have an encounter she gives me a smile but I am skeptical and confused. We just say hi to each other and pass by. What should I do?
What are some of the must visit places in and around Shimoga (Karnataka, India)?
Who would benefit from the 10 kWh Tesla Powerwall and actually be able to make the investment cost-effective? What setup(s) would they be using?
I bought a container of Downy Unstoppables to experiment with. Does the scent really last and how much do you use? Any special detergent used?
Astronomy: Can a planet become a star and a star become a planet?
Why is the Scottish flag blue and white? What does it represent?
How long will it be before we can grow tooth buds from stem cells and have them implanted in a dentists office?
Why do some users here ask questions and then provide their own answers to their own questions?
Why do we hear only of the \u201chumanitarian crisis in Aleppo\u201d and not of the US caused humanitarian crises in Yemen, Libya, Iraq, or Afghanistan etc.?
What are the different grains used to make whiskey, and how so they effect the taste of the end product?
What do you do when you explore dark and difficult ideas in themes?
Which movie have you watched more than 5 times and still aren't bored by it?
What is the proper way to use and dispose of an omamori?
Who are some lesser known important historical figures of Swaziland and what should people know about them?
So I was told recently that Hamas's rockets have no warheads, are not explosive, and have not injured, killed, or hurt any person or building in a while. How does this change the perspective of the Palestinian crises?
I want to make a survival kit that is compact, light, long-term, made for someone with minimal survival training, and able to be carried around in a large backpack. Are there any ideas?
Why is it important to present yourself and your organisation positively to clients?
Which is a better organization in terms of HR, work days and technology, Accenture or Deloitte?
What do you think about Arijit and Atif sharing a stage?
Who in your opinion has the greatest and most beautiful laugh of all time?
What is a suitable inpatient drug and alcohol rehab center in Evans County GA?
The people I was staying with moved my belongings into the alley and now they are gone. What are my legal rights? Will the police help me?
What did people in the UK eat and drink before we English invented tea and curry?
What is the academic pressure and workload at the University of Arizona like?
How safe is Papua New Guinea, and how does it's crime rate compare to Bangladesh's?
What are the most interesting products and innovations that L Brands is coming out with in 2016?
Can the decision of PM Modi to ban the use of currency notes of 500 and 1000 Rs denomination be challenged in court?
When someone goes out of their way to taunt and hurt you, are they really only hurting themselves? Or is it a myth?
How does your signature looks like and how did you arrive at it?
Which of the 3 Khans- Aamir, ShahRukh and Salman is the better superstar?
What ingredients are needed and what is the brewing process to make a pilsner style beer and how does this compare to a brown style beer?
I've been eating under 1200 calories, doing an hour of cardio and weight training 5 days a week for 3 months. Why am I not losing any weight or fat?
What are the motorbike dynamics difference between mono shock suspension and dual shock suspension?  Where can we refer mathematics behind it?
Explain why an angle C which is angle between two vectors A and B is not always given by relation    C = sin^-1{|A*B|\u00f7AB}.
What is popcorn made out of and how do you make popcorn?
Do women really get angry when a guy is pestering them again and again even after telling him that she is not interested in him? How do they usually deal with it?
I'm about to be evicted. I'm 5 days late with my rent, and the 3 day-or-quit notice is up. What can I do if I can't pay for two more days?
What are the pros and cons of local law enforcement? What are the pros and cons of state law enforcement? What are the pros and cons of federal law enforcement?
I just found out that my 15 year old son drinks, smokes and does drugs What should I do?
What are the requirements to become President in the United States and how are the requirements different in Ireland?
Three students, Phumelo, Ivan and John painted a hall together. Phumelo spent 4 hours on the job, Ivan 3 hours and John 1 hour. They earned R2000 in total for the job. How much should Ivan receive?
What is the difference between a data warehouse and data management platform?
I got seat in Nit Nagpur chemical engineering and I am studying electrical engineering in osmania university . which is better?
What is the difference in FTTH and ADSL broadband in mumbai?
What is jailbreaking? And what are the benefits and consequences of jailbreaking?
Where can I hire someone who can honestly point out my strengths and weaknesses, and help me set a plan for improvement?
Honestly what is the healthy minimum and maximum one can sleep?
What are some tips and tricks to keep yourself motivated and not loose focus about your dream or career?
Why is kerala so clean and beautiful compared to other Indian states?
How do you add a help window inside of a program using Visual Studio 2013. I am confused on how to do this and I can't seem to find anything on Google or anywhere. How can I do this?
How many times do girls and boys masturbate in a week?
Where and which court should I visit for drink and drive caught near BTM layout?
What are imperial units and why are they still in use?
Is it enough to know PHP5, JavaScript, MySQL5, and Ajax for seo projects without knowledge of HTML?
How does the Crips gang and the Bloods gang work ?
What are the best technology devices and gadgets for your camping?
Which is a suitable inpatient drug and alcohol rehab center near Early County GA?
I made the mistake of searching his social media and now I think he is too happy for me. Any words to make me feel better?
What are the legal separation laws in PA and how do they compare with the ones in Oregon?
How can I request my wife to shave her armpits and vagina in way that she will not feel bad?
Is creating prank videos of public and uploading it to youtube is legal in India?
Does the Secret Service vet and protect the President for ALL dangers?
What are the most interesting products and innovations that Visa is coming out with in 2016?
What is the difference between qualitative and quantitative analysis? How are they applied differently?
In my sslc marks card my mother's name is without intials and in my birth certificate it's there. Will it be a problem during passport verification ?
How is Bolivia's geographical location unique in the region, and how does its geography compare to Uruguay's?
What diet and gym routine can help me to lose belly fat and gain muscle mass simultaneously?
Should parents need to earn their honor and respect from their children? If so, how?
What is the use of hexadecimal and octal numbers in a computer?
Why are people who are half-black and half-white generally simply referred to as \"black\"?
What should I do if I have a major crush on a close friend and I don't want to ruin our friendship?
If Leander Paes and Sania Mirza are so good at doubles, why don't they form a team and provide India the much needed Olympic gold?
How are careers in archaeology changing and what's necessary to stay current?
My girlfriend cheated on me and I can't get over it,what should I do?
As a two person company - is it better to hire a front end engineer who can design and develop OR hire a UX/UI designer AND an engineer who work together with complementary but different skill sets?
How do the World Bank, the New Development Bank, and the Asian Infrastructure investment Bank compare?
Do restaurants really consider the comments you leave about them and change the things people say they didn't like?
Why South America is a foreign policy issue so abandonded by you and Mr. Trump? I do not here future policy initiatives?
I'm feeling a slight numbness in my right arm, at the palm and my shoulders. Could this happen because of weight lifting?
Can you have sex, have a period, and still be pregnant?
Why are so many people here so hostile to Donald Trump and unwilling to give him a chance after he was fairly elected?
What do feminists think of the relationship between Dominique Francon and Howard Roark in Ayn Rand's The Fountainhead?
Which blind spots does a religion have or propagate, project, propel and propaganda for/towards the other religions?
What is the fuel consumption per KVA and per hour of a diesel generator set?
What is the difference between climate and temperature, and how do they differ from weather?
What is a good inpatient drug and alcohol rehab center in Pasco County FL?
What are the best applied/project-based classes for an EE/CS grad student at Stanford? I've already taken CS221 and EE263, and I'm especially interested in anything related to large data sets, computer vision, and neural networks.
Word Definitions, Terminology, and Jargon: What does model mean in academic reading and academic studying terms and give an example for model?
Germans: What advice can you give Americans for how to apologize to and make amends with the American Indians for the cultural conflict that nearly exterminated them?
How do I calculate square roots and cubed roots by hand?
Where is the Baraka River located, and how does it compare to the Yellow River?
How does Brazil justify itself by having the World Cup and the Olympics back to back when so many of its people are so poor?
On my first date with her, this girl invited me to her home after we had dinner. At her home we sat next to each other on the couch and started watching some funny videos on youtube. At such a point of proximity (her breast was pressed against my upper arm) is it lame to try kissing her?
What are the most interesting products and innovations that Stone Energy is coming out with in 2016?
What is a consecutive calendar day and how is it related with the Nepali calendar?
What is the difference between attention and memory in the prefrontal cortex?
Why did Star Trek (the original series) end after only three seasons and Star Trek: Enterprise end after four, while the other three series each went on to do seven seasons?
What happened in the Vietnam War and how did South Vietnam lose?
What are the biotic and abiotic factors of the Alpine tundra?
I am scoring 493 in NEET 2016, I have a domicile of UP and I am a girl from general caregory. Would I be able to get a government seat for MBBS?
Two of my friends are not talking to each other and die to this one of the friends has stopped talking to me. What should I do?
What does the term \"pros and cons\" mean? Where did it come from?
I wouldn't say I'm depressed, but I have a lot of anxiety and struggle to find motivation for things. What should I do?
What are some unique characteristics of snails, and how do giant African land snails compare to garden snails?
What went wrong in interview between pala karupaiya and ramgaraj pandey in the tamil news channel thanthi tv?
I need to finish chemistry 12th HSC syllabus in 2 weeks and I don't know much. Boards exams are coming. Is it possible?
What is the importance of Maritime security and India - Sri Lanka co-operation?
What determins the different music genres and who decides what songs go to what genre?
Like humans, dogs and cats confront dental problems as tooth decay and pain. If this is true, how do they differ in oral health maintenance?
Can US agents carry concealed weapons and operate armed in the UK?
How long does it take to design and assemble a 30-minute presentation?
Can we use celebrity and politician photos and names in an app for famous quotes?
What is the best way to learn a foreign language? (Assuming that you are already in that foreign country and that country doesn't speak or understand even a single English word.)
What would be the likely scenario if Christian groups turn radical and take up arms to spread Christianity ISIS style?
I'm passionate about networking.I started with CCNA and CCNP.what other courses help me in excelling in security domain?
As a high schooler that is interested in the outdoors, aerospace, and agriculture, what should my career path be?
I intend to take a nap for an hour or so and end up sleeping for 5+ hours. Alarms don't work either. What do I do?
I have forgotten my Facebook password and the number and email that was used in this Facebook account are also inactive and can't be used for recovery. Is there any other effective option available?
Alfred Rosenberg was one of Hitler's inner circle members and the leading ideologist of the Nazi Party. But isn't Rosenberg a Jewish name?
What is the crime rate in the Borough of Ealing and how does it compare to Southwark?
Is there any other major source of foreign income for Saudi Arabia and the Gulf countries, other than oil?
What are the differences between case law and statutory law? What are some examples of both?
Who wrote the song I Saw Your Face and Wow for Hey Arnold?
Why didn't Christopher Nolan continue the Batman Trilogy and also why did Christian Bale decline the proposal of acting in the upcoming movie?
How can I practice event photography and build up confidence to do it?
What are the differences between a state and a commonwealth in the United States?
Why is time calculated in 60 minutes per hour and 60 seconds per minute? Why can't it be 100 minutes per hour?
Forgot my Facebook password and email password. How can I log into Facebook?
What are the most interesting products and innovations that Boston Beer is coming out with in 2016?
Why are data structures and algorithms so important in computer science?
If humans were to colonize Mars, would dogs and cats be permitted to go along as pets, rather than for scientific purposes?
How were the Central Powers established and what influence did they have during WWI?
What do the different lights and signs on the runway signify?
A girl gave me her mobile number and later told me she has a boyfriend. What was she thinking?
In a 2-Bay NAS, can I use WD Red 3 tb (5200rpm) and HGST Deskstar 3tb (7200rpm)?
Can I like a girl I never met in real life? We FaceTime a lot and she has convinced me to do things I have never done before. Does she like me too?
I still love the girl with whom I broke up a couple of years back and desperately want her back. Can this behavior be psychologically justified? Is there any remedy?
What are the pros and cons of using Python vs. Java?
If Marvel Comics gave you the job to produce and edit your own comic, what character/team would you choose?
How can we motivate employees in a repitative and monotonous working condition?
The parents of my girlfriend are not allowing me to marry her because she belongs to a \"South Indian pure Brahmin\" family and I to a \"North Indian non Brahmin\" family. How do I convince her parents to let us marry?
How do I handle stress and pressure, a day before the job interview?
What are the requirements to be considered for the United States Air Force and how do these requirements compare to Russia's?
The Master of Science post graduatation program has recently started at IIT Madras. What are the future career and placement scopes after completeing an M.S from IIT Madras?
What is the relationship between Geeta Phogat and her best friend, as shown in the Dangal Gilehriyaan song?
House is cracked. Is it advisable to repair roof r break till window and raise the roof. Its 1000 sq. Give me a rough idea for both option?
How would you react if cool, nice-looking and charismatic man you been dating for so long was a virgin?
What are good books about venture capital and private equity for a freshman undergrad?
What are the best ways to employ when selling cosmetic products (acne and skin discoloration treatment) to attract more customers?
I saw a demon in my dream. It had a two long big horns and big black eyes. His body was really big and his color was green and greasy. What type of demon is this?
How is the two year MBA program at NUS? How to get there and how much would it cost for an Indian to get there?
What are the things that make luxury watches so much more valuable and expensive than other lower quality, cheaper watches?
How can I learn algorithms and data structures from scratch in 30 days?
Company is currently earning 4 per share and paying 2 per share as dividend. Is the  dollar 2 D1 or D0 ? Enlighten me
Can a 15 year old boy and a 18 year old girl have sex in Wisconsin?
Why is my feed on Quora flooded with irrelevant questions and topics that I'm not following?
What does it mean if I've been biting my nails since I was young, and I'm not nervous or shy or anything of the kind?
I am working as a software developer with 4 years of experience on Java and J2EE technologies. Can I switch to Bigdata and Hadoop with certification?
If I buy a T-Mobile USA nano data SIM, with a prepaid monthly plan for an iPad, and then stick the nano SIM in my iPhone 6, will it work for the data?
What are good books for learning economics and optimization at a beginners level?
The US visa in my passport says \"Visa - R\" and \"Type/Class - B1/B2\". How long am I allowed to stay in the US on business?
Why was episodes of Fairy Tail 276 and 277 english dubbed before 240 to 265?
Why is the demonetization of 500 and 100 rupees notes necessary?
What exactly is apple cider vinegar and where can I buy it?
What is the difference between CNG and LPG? What are the pros and cons of each in comparison with petrol and diesel?
I'm a Costa Rican. I am 25 years old. I will go to Las Vegas for the first time and stay for 3 nights with 2 friends. Where should we stay? Where should we go?
Just found out the wife is pregnant, what are the do's and don'ts for a first time father?
What are the main things we'll look back in 100 years from now and think were crazy about how we live and what we believe today?
What was the significance of the battle of Somme, and how did this battle compare and contrast to the Battle of Riyadh?
What is the best budget hotels in Lonavala for accommodation of me and my friends in this coming New Year eve in peak season?
What makes the difference between a useful status update and a poor one given during weekly project status meeting? What elements to include and how can I explain this to team members as an actionable advice?
Have you ever confronted a childhood bully, and if so, what was the result?
Hypothetically, if your country went to war with Russia and China, which three countries would you most want to have on your side?
When will we get to see One Piece, Naruto, Death note and many other awesome animes in Hindi dubbed?
When will helium run out and should helium filled party ballons be banned?
Why does Richard James Davis (Aphex Twin) record and release music under so many different pseudonyms?
I want to write a research paper on electronics engineering and can anyone tell me how can I find a advisor to help me?
How can one learn artificial intelligence and math at the same time (preferably with a project merging those two)?
I have some friends I enjoy spending time with, and I love my family. Why do I feel so distant from both of them?
Is Romeo and Juliet a satire? If so could you explain and give quotes (six would be helpful) on why?
Why are optimization techniques like natural gradient and second order methods (L-BFGS for eg.) not much used in deep learning?
I have this friend I have been friends with her since we were both 12 years old. We went to middle school and high school together. She moved to Korea a few years ago and we email each other. But her letters to me are very short. She asks me stuff about how I am doing a such. I answer her questions and such. When I ask her questions she seems like to give me short answers or not answer my questions. I wonder why she does this? It seems like she is hiding something. Don't know?
If my account on Twitter is private and I favorite someone's tweet on a public account that I'm not following and they are not following me do they get a notification or see it?
Why do some people find roller coasters enjoyable and others find them terrifying?
Why doesn\u2019t Quora work right? Every time I answer a question and want to share it on Facebook, it doesn't show my answer.
I have been working in BPO's for around 6 years now. I am a B.Com Graduate. I want to make a career transition and explore better opportunities available. I don't have an Mba degree neither i can get one atm. Kindly Suggest on what should i do?
Why are there so few Muslims in Delhi and other centres of the Mughal Empire?
Why do people get tattoos, and what purpose do they serve?
Which is a suitable inpatient drug and alcohol rehab center near Clarke County IA?
What is the systematic study of the natural world, and what purpose does it serve?
Peter Singer: How does one imbibe ethical values in a person who isn't ready to listen and has too much pride? How do we deal with him?
My overall body is fit enough but my wrist and my hands gripping power is not so well\u2026 Why is it happening and how can I resolve it?
What is it called when a player dribbles, picks up the ball, and then dribbles again in basketball?
I took the AMCAT recently and got a score of English 32 percent, aptitude 66 percent, logical 55 percent, computer programming 99.1 percent, and computer science 22.1 percent. Is there any chance to get calls from IT companies?
What happen if your allowance increase. would you change your taste and preference, or would you stick with your old consumption patterns?
How can I shave my beard and what tools to use I am 19?
Obama's Final Two Years (2015-16): Why hasn't President Obama lived up to the promise of his speech in 2004 to unite both Democrats and Republicans? Why have we, instead, gone far in the other direction?
What are the major flaws of Hillary Clinton's and Donald Trump's foreign policy agendas?
What towns are located near the Kilauea, and how does this volcano's activity compare to the volcanoes in Colombia?
How many dialects are spoken in the Philippines and which one is considered to be the native language?
Why isn't Elal, Israel's airline, expanding and offering flights connecting in TLV, like turkish airlines for example?
We both love each other but we are from different castes, and her advocate father won't allow her to marry me. How can we marry?
Isn't it illogical to issue new Rs. 2000 notes while devaluing Rs. 1000 and 500 notes to curb black money by the Central Government of India?
I'm 23 and just migrated to the the U.S. with my parents. I don't know what medical insurance to opt for, and I've heard of the ObamaCare. Should I go for it?
What does error code 80710723 mean on PS3 and what is the easiest way to fix it?
How does Greyhound handle their Lost and Found department when people are traveling across the nation?
What is the difference between an otaku and a japanofile (weeaboo is what everyone calls it)?
Am I eligible for JEE mains and advanced 2018? I have passed 12th from CBSE in 2016 and got 87 percent.
What are the advantages and disadvantages of the centralization and decentralization of authority?
What is postcrossing.com, and how can you delete your account on it?
How can we start cab business and what is the facts and figure about OLA cab business?
If one day is not exactly 24 hours and is in fact 23 hours 56 minutes, shouldn't the error add up, and shouldn't we see 12 midnight becoming 12 noon at some point in time?
What is the prospect of a peaceful reunification of mainland China and Taiwan under \"one country, two systems\" policy?
What should I learn first: HTML, CSS and JavaScript or Python and PHP?
How do Bangalore bus routes compare to Raipur's, and what authority oversees them?
Where and how did the idea of vampires and lycans originate?
How do serial entrepreneurs open and close a business? How do they start and end that idea?
Are the cengage books for math and phy good enough for JEE advanced 2017?
How does discontinuing 500 and 1000 rupee notes help curb corruption in India?
What is the difference between a Product Manager and a Product Marketing Manager?
What does it mean that I saw and fought the devil in a dream?
What are the environmental impacts of the tourism industry and how does it negatively impacted Moscow?
Can I activate Jio sim in one 4G phone and then use that sim on another 4G phone?
How should I prepare for physics NEET 2017 and from where do I start ?
Is it true that the location and mobile number of a Quora user can be found and traced in person?
What would happen if Pok\u00e9mon GO was banned and punished as a criminal offence?
I want to offer market research services to startups in California. I have office in CA and staff located in India. How should I win business?
Which is a suitable inpatient drug and alcohol rehab center in Bay County FL?
What is the difference between a recursive function and calling a function by reference C/C++?
What is the difference between B. Sc.(H) Comp. Sc. and B. Tech. (C.S.)? Which is better? Should I prefer B. Sc.(H) Comp. Sc and then go for an MCA?
What are some interesting data structures and algorithms implemented in facebook?
What were the major effects of the cambodia earthquake, and how do these effects compare to the Mexico earthquake in 1787?
What should I learn after learning HTML, CSS and Bootstrap to become a freelance Web Designer?
My passport has been printed on 10/10/2015 and today is 20/10/2015 and still my passport has not been dispatched. What may be the reason?
What are the fixed costs and variable costs of a gym?
Why are the most successful people from IITs and other top universities of the world?
What is the practical difference between 110V or 220V power systems, and also between 50hz or 60hz? Why do countries choose between these two?
How will the ban of Rs 500 and Rs 1000 notes affect people\u2019s lives?
I feel like I'm obsessing over my bf and I can't be happy at all. What should I do?
What is the technological difference between top load and front load washing machines? Why are front loads better than top loads?
What is the average shelf life of coconut water and how can it be best preserved?
What is the difference between the transistors NPN and PNP, and what is the usefulness of each?
What are the differences between a Confederate and a Democratic government?
What are the environmental impacts of the tourism industry and how does it negatively impacted Singapore?
I work in a company that sales stuff to businesses / local business and most of the time, I call businesses and they tell me the manager / owner is not around. What's the most effective way to actually get to speak with him / reach him?
Glasses and Sunglasses: What are the pros and cons of getting transition lenses?
How do I get a drivers license in my early 40s and build my level of confidence?
Will there be a Star Wars 10, 11 and 12? Or will it stop with the 9th?
How is it better to have loved and lost than to never have loved at all?
Why does every college in Delhi NCR not offer the logistics and supply chain management as an MBA in finance and marketing. Can anyone explain?
How long will it take to do bench presses and shoulder workouts after a shoulder replacement?
Could the United States theoretically conquer the rest of North America, and South America as well, given their military might?
What are the most interesting products and innovations that Accelerate Diagnostics is coming out with in 2016?
Do B-schools like Symbiosis, XLRI, Nasree Monjee, and IIFT prefer students with work experience?
Can I delete windows off my SATA removable drive and still read files when connected with my PC?
How do I install and use mazar by sending a text?
What do Balaji Viswanathan and Khalid Elhassan think of each other?
Among SC, ST, NC and OBC which is the lowest caste?
I am looking for a song whose video has a rich old man and a blindfolded girl (a stripper maybe) dancing for him. Any help?
Would it be more economically feasible for full service nursing homes to offer assisted living quarters and spread the skills, rather than assisted living facilities expanding to alzheimer wards without skilled staff available?
What are the pros and cons of pursuing an MBA and CPL?
How come ever since last September, Mika Brzezinski and Joe Scarborough have been defending everything that Donald Trump says and does?
What is the purpose of mosquitoes and what would happen if mosquitoes went extinct?
Can the pro-choice position provide a scientific and rational argument to support the assertion that the unborn are not human?
How do I reset my Facebook password when my email was not verified by FB and my mobile no. was not registered due to which a reset code can't be sent?
What is the use of pre-order and post-order traversal of binary trees in computing?
Could we create rivers on Mars by detonating many nuclear weapons and melting the hidden ice under its surface?
What is the 'new car smell' chemically comprised of? Why is it present and why do most people like the smell of it?
I'm looking for an investment opportunity where I can put in a  dollar 1000 and get  dollar 5000 in next 3 - 6 months?
If CO2 is a natural coolant, then why and how does it contribute to global warming?
How can I print a pdf ebook on A4 paper on both sides and bind it to make an A5 size story-book?
Why do we pay Toll Tax in India when we already pay Road tax and vehicle tax? Isn't it a mass rip off?
I am a PG student looking for a project in data analysis using R and python ..Could you suggest a few?
Are there any math research programs for a math hobbyist (I am referring to an adult who does not work in a mathematics related field and has taken only some undergrad math courses)? If so what are they? If not, are any mathematicians interested in creating such a program?
Did the start of the college basketball season have an impact in causing the NBA and players to start the season in December 2011?
This guy I like is giving me mixed and confusing signals. Is he interested in a relationship at all?
What is a breakdown of the various sub-groups within the Modern Feminism Movement, and what those sub-groups specifically advocate for?
My girlfriend was sexually assaulted by her best friend. She forgave him and still talks to him. Should I ask her to stop talking to him?
What are the qualities and traits of the person you admire the most?
What are some good books to learn data structures and algorithms for a beginner?
What are the best uses of MS office tools, especially Excel, Word, Access and PowerPoint, that can help in business tasks and/or as a software engineer? How can one learn them?
Can someone offer a detailed process for technical analysis and fundamental analysis for Indian stocks?
I graduated with a Bachelor of Arts and Social Sciences - major in Social Anthropology and minor in Political Science. Can I get a corporate job?
What does \"ride or die\" mean and where did it come from?
Canadian Mech engineer, should I take year long oil and gas paid co-op if it's not my top interest (unsure about my interests too) ?
What happens when you go into a hot bath (that dilates your capillaries) and then take an aspirin (which thins the blood)?
How do people manage to raise children conceived through rape and what are the psychological implications?
What is the best IDE to use for Java SE and Java EE development?
What are some romantic places in and around Trichy to spend some time?
Why do all Indian post track IDs start with \"EK\" and end with \"IN\"? How is it defined?
Does any IIT provide a BTech and an MTech both in aerospace engineering?
Is it possible to love someone and repeatedly cheat on them with an ex?
I saw my kid being verbally and physically bullied by a bunch of his peers. I stepped in and stopped them. As a parent, did I have a right to physically engage the bullies, toss them aside or punch them?
How different Baloch people living in Pakistan, Iran and Afganistan are from each other culturally?
In the event of a second civil war, what would be the cause and what countries would become of the United States (Ex: Texas Republic)?
How common is the usage of smartphones, phablets and tablets nowadays in different age groups? How have these gadgets changed the lives of people?
Which is better- cracking gate and going for IIT/iisc or waiting another year and going for masters in Germany (TUM or RWTH)?
What are some battery saving tips and tricks while playing Pok\u00e9mon GO?
I have a new German Shepard puppy and how do I potty train him properly?
What are the most interesting products and innovations that LinkedIn is coming out with in 2016?
How does wine take on peach, pear and other citrus flavors if it is made from grapes only?
We have been in a relationship for 3 years. Now, because of pressure from her parents, she doesn't want to talk to me anymore. I love her and she loves me too, but her parents are planning her marriage. What should I do?
I bought a samsung tab from china. How do I get Google Play Store and other Google Apps Running on my tab?
Which companies provide two-way, send and receive, SMS API for India?
What would an ENFP female and ISTJ male relationship be like?
What is the economical importance of Rameswaran, and how does it compare to Kanyakumari?
What are the differences between alligator and crocodile habitats in the wild?
Are there any good books to design Logistic, Supply chain and Warehouse management applications?
How do you deal with people you have to live and make decisions with that have problems with keeping discussions rational, on topic and constructive?
What exactly is #TheWebDevPolls and why is it so popular among developers?
Who can avail Rupay cards and which banks in India provide RuPay cards?
How is Sachin Tendulkar called the 'God of Cricket' when he has only been the best with the bat and not in captaincy nor on bowling when cricket is a combination of all these things and not just batting?
What if I train about 200 LBP cascades of objects and will try to do real time object detection on camera using OpenCV. Will it work fast on CPU only?
Would anyone be surprised if Trump and Melania get separated or divorced?
Is it true that Shahrukh Khan and Leonardo Dicaprio signed a movie named Xtreme City?
My 7 week old kitten fell around 8 feet onto tile. She walks a little wobbly as if shes weak and her eyes have dark bags under them. What should I do?
What is the difference between short shorts and booty shorts? What's best worn with each?
What are the strongest majors in terms of job prospects and what are the weakest majors at the University of Nebraska at Kearney?
Ex-Boyfriends and Ex-Girlfriends: I texted my ex, and he told me to leave him alone or he'll change his number. He was \"in love,\" and I didn't do anything wrong. Why is he so cruel?
Disregarding content could Donald Trump give a coherent and logical speech for 70 minutes like John Kerry did?
My 10-year-old son is so lazy and irresponsible. How can I help him change?
What is the nearest airport to Daytona Beach, and how do this cities tourist attractions compare to Huntsville's?
Why is giving a foot massage and watching a guy give a girl a foot massage different?
How long does it take to learn java and how difficult is it for a beginner?
What is the significance of binary, octal, decimal and hexadecimal number systems?
What is the difference between ICU and CCU in the hospital?
Who are some Quorans who use both the English and Spanish versions of Quora?
My doctor retired. His staff got distant when giving back my records and wouldn't look me in the eye. Is it because they didn't like me from day 1?
What does 0.1 percent Ashkenazi Jewish on 23&Me and 2 percent Ashkenazi Jewish on GedMatch mean. Could it mean I have a Jewish ancestor?
How does it feel to give up on love and never get married?
How do I find a reliable web developer and app developer who will not steal your business idea?
Florida estate had unregistered rifles. Taken by a family member and given to his friends. Is this legal? Would happen if one was used in a crime?
What are the most interesting products and innovations that American Tower is coming out with in 2016?
How do I select High- neck, thigh lengh tops and matching pants models or designs?
What is the difference between a nerd and an intelligent person?
What language is understood and spoken more globally across continents after English and Chinese?
What are the most interesting products and innovations that Liberty Interactive is coming out with in 2016?
I lose my mood for studying just before exams and don't feel like studying during exams. What should I do to avoid these situations?
If I'm pulled over for having tinted windows in my car and that being the only reason why does that give them the right to bring a k9?
I am 23 year old, 57 kg and 5'8 height skinny with belly fat.I want to lose my belly and gain muscle.Should I run before or after workout?
If you only have 1099 salespeople and no W2'd employees, can you decide to turn some into W2 employees and keep some as 1099s? Can the ones who stay as 1099s do anything legally?
Where does Apple get its space wallpapers and how do they edit them to make the wallpapers look so beautiful?
Is it true that the upcoming 2000rs and 500rs notes are going to come along with a ncp chip?
How do I unlock my Android mobile if I forget my lock pattern and don't have any security question?
How did America became such a rich and powerful country in the first place?
Why do I find creative writing so boring and how do I get back to enjoying it?
Why do Indian girls prefer \"jeans and top\" over \"saree and suit\" in daily routine?
I am confused. I love a girl very much but she is so selfish and doesn't care about me. She thinks only about herself but says that she loves me. Should I marry her?
What should I do if I love a girl and she likes me but is not ready for a relationship?
Will a depressed person remember those who loved and care for them, whom they pushed away? Will they try to reach out when you initiate no contact?
How do some students score very well without attending classes and not even studying seriously.Are all these tough concepts stored in them by birth?
What is the difference between \u201c43 grade\u201d and \u201c53 grade\u201d cement?
What kind of classmate were you INTJs and INFJs in middle/high schools?
What is the historical background of Cinese workers on Australian gold mines, and how does gold production the compare to the production in Uzbekistan?
What are the pros and cons between Indian culture and american culture?
What should I do if my notice period is over and my boss is still calling me?
Can prepaid mobile phone top up and mobile top up happen on EDC machine?
Which are the MBA colleges in India that focus more on practical knowledge and skills useful in company than theoretical knowledge.?
How quickly do the phases of Valuation and devaluation shift in narcissistic individuals?
What is the difference between the classical and the Keynesian schools of economic though?
I'm attracted towards a guy in the office. He's hot. He's committed and he confessed he's having this huge crush on me. What do I do?
Why the MRP of bottled beverages and even water is so high at McDonalds, Dominos, Subway, etc?
What is difference between COMEDK and KCET? Can other state students also write these exams? Which is easy, has more seats and easy to get admission in colleges like RVCE, BMS, PESIT, MSRIT, etc.?
What is the best way to study complete medicine and surgery in MBBS final year for upcoming exam dated 2 months later?
What is the fastest way to reduce the redness in a sunburn and to even out weird sunburn lines?
The sum of two numbers is 220 and their LCM is 99.What are the numbers?
International Marketing Manager-domestic FMCG brand, spent 4 years developing both B2B and B2C. I love marketing but want something more in my career?
I suffer from urine leakage and puss cells come out of my urine. What should I do?
What is the current event and sports ticket market size in Malaysia?
What should I do about my small penis problem and my love for a girl who is interested in me?
What are the differences between the nuclear genome and that present in mitochondria & plastids?
Can interior designing be done without having studied sciences in 11th and 12th in India? Also, if I want to pursue the courses in the US?
What are some interesting and fun facts about the number 15?
Electrical Engineering: How is the 3rd harmonic component of current produced in transformers, and how does it phase to the main wave so as to have a peaking magnetization current to produce sinusoidal flux in a non linear core?
What do we mean by the Hidden Terminal and Exposed Terminal problems?
How do you fight serious depression and lonliness when you cannot afford help and have no one?
What is the difference between a data scientist and someone working in business analytics?
How do you find your life goal and how do you stay constantly motivated towards reaching it?
What are the main differences between a bachelor's and a master's degree in computer science in terms of career prospects?
Can 8GB of RAM, AMD Radeon 2GB graphic card and Intel i5 processor play all Xbox games?
I am in a long-distance relationship. We have problems that need to be solved. My boyfriend said I am clingy and expect him to reply quickly. Texting makes me feel connected, but apparently he doesn't think the same way. How can I resist the urge to text and stop trying too hard?
Why are some manipulators aggressive and in some cases, predatory and/or deadly?
I have an audition tomorrow for a commercial. How can I sound confident and normal, without being fake. Do you think I should learn the script?
How can we intuitively understand the parallelogram and triangle laws of vector addition?
Why do I feel jealous when my girl friend talks or chats with other boys and when I see comments of other boys on her pictures?
How do I start living in America and what are the qualifications?
Are all American dessert overly sweet and one dimensional in taste compared to Asian?
My DOB is 19th May 1995, birth time is 5:20 am and place of birth is Anjar in Gujarat (Male). Can anyone give me future prediction?
What is the difference between 780p and 1080i and which is more superior?
What does the magnetic quantum number describe and which values can it have?
What can happen if you simply tease a student in school and get called out for bullying?
When did you pray for someone and healing took place instantly?
How do you bake pork chops in an oven and how long should you bake them?
If you could go back in time and change a mistake you made, what would it be and why?
I am a student of class 11th. How much do I have to study daily and what should I do to get an All India rank of two digits in JEE 2016?
How come that after thousands of years of indigestible theology and philosophy I have no real answer to what is God?
I'm 10 years old and I'm looking for a good camera, but it has to cost under  dollar 700, and it also has to take sharp, crisp photos as well. What is a camera that passes this criteria?
As an entrepreneur, what is the biggest mistake you have made and how would you advise others not to make the same mistake?
How can I overcome self-hate and the fear of others hating me?
Why is it that sometimes we can't trust ourselves, and other times we trust our inner voice, even if it is wrong?
My girlfriend shows me lots of love when I'm with her but when it comes to texting (she lives 109km away from me) she texts me like she's a friend sometimes we don't text for days and she also said she likes to have freedom (not being with me for a month or so) what should I do?
Math: 1000 cubic feet was billed  dollar 62 and 1600 cubic feet was billed  dollar 93 what is the charge in dollars per cubic foot, and how do I find the equation?
Are there any martial artists who started later in life and went on to become champions?
After shooting meth, what causes numbness burning and swollen knot at injection site?
2.5 GHz single core and 1.4 GHz dual core. Which is better?
What are the legal separation laws in PA and how do they compare with the ones in Tennessee?
Which are top 5 ICSE and CBSE schools for boys and girls in India?
Why is it that Japanese Dramas depict a meal where the table is full of bowls and plates with a lot of food even if there's only a couple of people, do they actually eat it all?
How would God do it, if God lived my life not knowing that God is God, and not believing in God, would God have asked this question?
What is it like flying from Bangkok to Manila and how are these touristic cities compared to Busan?
A friend of mine likes a girl and she likes him too. They want to define their relationship and become a couple but how does he ask her without using the clich\u00e9d 'will you go out with me'?
Why can't congressmen and senators who vow to be obstructionists and block every bill sent to the hill, be removed for not doing their jobs.?
I like two boys at the same time and both are my very good friends, what should I do and whom should I choose?
Atomic structure, the solar system, the Milky Way are all planar, therefore the universe is planar. Anything in motion has one predominant direction and observations indicate universe to be expanding. Is this expansion more flat in nature?
Where can I go to find park, stay and cruise packages in Ft. Lauderdale?
Where can you hire the best PHP, ASP.NET, and iPhone apps developer at a low cost?
Why is India called 'bharat' in Hindi and 'India' in English?
Yesterday I got rejected in my technical job interview.though I cracked the written and GD round but not able to clear technical round? What can I do.
Why is my period 11 days late and how probable is it that I'm pregnant?
Is it alright for the media, the BJP and Congress to call Arvind Kejriwal a retard just because his ideology and way of doing things are different?
I was rejected by Google's hiring committee, but a recruiter and a hiring manager want to present my packet to an executive committee. What are my chances?
I smoked weed twice in the past week. I'm 5'11\" and 165 pounds and a male. Approximately how long will it take to leave my system?
Are there any DIY mutual-fund builders that handle rebalancing and will make trades via RobinHood or Interactive Brokers?
I am 26 years old guy, I live in Nagpur. I am an Introvert person and I don't have any friends. What should I do?
What would happen if I ate a can of sardines and jogged two miles everyday?
How much money is needed to run and maintain a professional gym (Like 24 hour fitness)?
Why are there some people whose presence everyone enjoys and others who are rather avoided?
Why do most women put me in the friend zone I show great confidence and I'm always told I'm great guy to be around so why am I always reduced to a friend role?
What did Queen Elizabeth do about Catholicism and Protestantism issues in England?
How can I add question details and edit topics on Quora with the new system?
What is the difference between a culpable homicide amounting to murder and a culpable homicide not amounting to murder?
I am currently studying in the third year of ENTC engineering and want to crack GATE. So which is the best book in the market that I can refer to?
Are there any WordPress/WooCommerce plugins that allow vendors to buy and print shipping labels directly from their order page?
Which is a suitable inpatient drug and alcohol rehab center in Columbia County GA?
What is the difference between punching and piercing sheet metal operations?
Why did I dream about someone I have never seen and why were we like dating?
Where can I get jewelry boxes designed with my business name on them and maybe a simple image for selling jewelry at a good price?
My girlfriend is on trip with her team. Her friends use her phone to call me and tease me. I'm afraid they'll ruin our relationship. What should I do?
Does the sentence in the question details make sense, and is it grammatically correct?
Indian Railways: I booked a ticket for two on IRCTC and I wish to cancel one of them now. Is it possible?
Fast Food: Why are McDonald's and KFC much more popular than Subway in India?
What is active transport and what are some examples of it?
Why SSL connection errors occur and how can I fix it?
Could or should Quora questions tweet out and bring back tweeted answers?
How is water pollution affecting the environment? Is it as severe as air pollution and light pollution? What are the measures to control it?
Do companies like Microsoft, Google, Facebook, etc. and other top notch firms visit DTU for M. Tech placements?
How do I find the best mobile app development company for web and mobile application development services?
If I were to make  dollar 100K/year as an employee (W2) and can make elsewhere about  dollar 250K/year as independent contractor (1099) which one should I choose?
I graduated with a bachelor's of commerce and I am interested in joining the Indian Air Force with a good post. Can I do this?
How would the role of HR change once robots and AI starts replacing humans in corporations?
What is the role of technical branch and ground duty branch in Indian air force?
What are the ways to learn Chemical Bonding and Periodic Table elements?
How can I guess someone's behavior and attitude just by chatting with them?
What are the best websites that are free, and don't require any credit card details, for watching movies online?
When will flying cars be invented and how will they work?
How do I reduce fat around belly and build 6/8 pack abs?
Where are the offices of Uber and Ola Cab services in Mumbai?
What is positive charge and negative charge? Does positive charge mean protons and negative charge mean electrons?
How can I disconnect my Facebook with instagram and link another Facebook account?
Were there really warriors in the middle ages who survived most battles and went through killing opponents with single slashes?
Why does Google only show my meta description and not the content of my page, in search result?
What are the most common traffic convictions in Arkansas, and how does the severity of the convictions differ in Alabama?
What are some creative ways to introduce oneself (spoken and written) without sounding cheesy or drab?
Do some believe in a reincarnation and life cycle where we become the maggots on our decaying bodies?
If the real numbers are usually placed on the x[/math]-axis and imaginary numbers placed on the y[/math]-axis, what would be placed on the z[/math]-axis?
What are Thai special dishes that are only made at home and never made by restaurants or eaten when out?
Should fairness creams like Ponds, Fair and Lovely etc. be banned for misleading people/consumers?
I have a laptop with 4gb RAM, AMD quad core A8-7410 2.2 ghz processor and Radeon R5-M330 2gb graphics card, will I be able to play fifa14 with these requirements?
What are the major stereotypes people have about Lebanon and to what extent are they true?
How does the normalizing US and Cuba relations affect the United States and its citizens?
Which are the best places in and around Mumbai to celebrate New Year?
How do I use \"was\" + past tense and simple past tense?
Why do office buildings in America have the lights and air conditioning on all the time?
I popped black heads on my lip and now there are painful red bumps. How do I get rid of them?
What are the functions and the structure of red blood cells?
Is Skype still popular as it used to be. Most people use Android and Hangouts is default app. Why would they install Skype if they have Hangouts?
What were the major contributions of the political leaders during WW1, and how are they compared to the ones during other major armed conflicts?
How should I prepare for JEE and BITS as a partial dropper?
Do you think that American people are becoming more and more intolerant against people of other races since Donald trump is gaining so many votes?
What is the reputation of SSR Medical College, Mauritius. is it approved by MCI and is it good for indain students to go there?
When did monthly payments (all types) system started and how did it change life of all americans?
What shall i write using chocolates and candies for a girlfriend on her birthday?
What are the things I must watch out for before starting with FundsIndia? And is it secure and good enough to start investing through it? And what happens if it shuts down?
Is there a relation between the length of a USB cable and the effectiveness /duration of charge time?
My father is a peon and yesterday someone insulted me and told me that you are the son of a peon. Why people do so?
Which is the best VLSI institute apart from VEDA IIT, Maven Silicon, Sandeepani and RV-VLSI? Is there a better VLSI institute?
Can someone be a sociopath or psychopath and also be legitimately diagnosed with RAD?
Marriage between Cousins under Hindu Law is null and void, Can it be declared null and void through Court by third party?
What are the main parts of brain and how do they function?
How much did the English common people, as opposed to the rich and the ruling classes, know about the situation in Ireland during the famine?
How is a multi-engine plane controlled, and stopped from entering an immediate spin, in the event of an engine failure?
Which came first Puranas or Vedas? Some say, Vedas came in 5000 BC and then Puranas came after that. Is there any proof for that?
What is the best way for an intelligent young woman (without a degree) who is physically disabled and has a mental illness, to earn money working from home?
What are the pros and cons of group communications and personal communication?
If the Indian government has decided to demonetise 500 and 1000 rupee notes, why are they bringing back new 500 and 2000 Rs notes?
What is the difference between VP of Products and VP of Product Management?
How do I create a blog in Quora and enter the correct URL?
What are some important characteristics and components of the scientific method?
When does hunting season start in Alabama, and how does it compare to the hunting in Alaska?
Is it legal to sell a copy of brands on Flipkart, Snapdeal and other leading online shopping sites?
Do BTech graduates get jobs in finance and bank companies like Morgan Stanley? If yes, then how?
Uber (company): How can one become a driver of Ola and Uber? What is the explained process for it?
I've been trying to create my own blog on Quora, what is a URL and how do I use it? What should I put in the URL? What are examples of URLs so I can get an understanding?
What does it feel to have died and be brought back to life?
What is the significance of paying a lot of money and going to study in American universities? Is it worth it?
How can I become more aggressive and stop being intimidated by confrontation?
What are the most unusual, impressive, and modern Indian baby boy names?
How can I remember all cricket shots (e.g. cover drive, on drive) and fielding positions (e.g. deep square, cover)?
What are the differences between the Indian and Japanese education system?
I'm considering partnering with GW Fathom based in Arizona. Does anyone know what the company culture is, and its capabilities? Would my startup gain from partnering with them?
Okay, so my crush asked me out today, but the bad thing is, he said it really rushed and quiet, and I'm not sure this relationship's going to be real. What do I do?
What are the most interesting products and innovations that Rockwell Automation is coming out with in 2016?
My boyfriend is VERY good to me but doesn't keep his word all the time and changes his mind frequently. I love him so much. Can things be good?
In non-metallic solids w/ just atoms or ions (no molecules), are bonds (vibrations) and electronic transitions the sole cause of blackbody radiation?
What are the most interesting products and innovations that MSC Industrial is coming out with in 2016?
I want to close the passport application which is applied one month back and got -ve from police, is there any penalty for closing an application?
Why has Modi not appointed CIC and Lokpal even after 10 months of coming to power?
What are the best products to buy on Aliexpress and sell on eBay to make money?
What are the weirdest laws and regulations that your country has?
I have been having dreams about marriage and engagement to my boyfriend. What does this mean?
I am in mid 30s and really feeling helpless. I have zero confidence and always become nervous around any person. How do I gain self confidence?
How or where you might apply knowledge and experience to unmanned systems?
How do I become more free and in control of my life in a relationship?
What is it like to be transgender and regret transitioning at some point?
What is the difference between a direct acting and a reverse acting controller?
At what point did Irish people become 'White' Americans and not an undesirable minority?
How can you identify a phishing attack and how can you prevent a phishing attack?
Is the job tracker needed in read and write operation on the Hadoop HDFS?
Why do Jawans live with the officers of Indian Army and why are they treated as servants?
Is the superfluid dark matter what ripples when Galaxy clusters collide and what waves in a double slit experiment?
What is the difference between insured and proposer in life insurance?
If my brother vapes weed in his room with the door locked and after he is done, I walk in the room, will I get high?
Why did Swami Vivekananda say this: \"According to ancient Hindu rites and rituals, a man cannot be a good Hindu who does not eat beef\u201d?
What is sin according to Christianity and according to Hinduism? How can one get redemption from their sins?
What's the cheapest prepaid (scratchcard) MVNO plan and phone that uses Sprint's LTE network?
How can I extend my year 2 and 3 maths students?
How did RBI know that Urjit Patel would be RBI governor 6 months before and start printing the 2000 rupee notes with his signature on them?
What is your interpretation of Layne Staley and Alice In Chains Rooster?
What are the busiest and least busy times on Quora in GMT?
3 digit no unit digit, ten digit and hundred digit their ratio 3:5:7 if the difference of original number and \u0155eversing the digit is 396 find the no?
Every night, I wonder why I don't do the things I promised myself to do. I really want to do it and work hard on it. No matter what, I always tend to fail. Are there any ways to fix that?
Which is a good inpatient drug and alcohol rehab center near Clarke County GA?
I have so many coincidences with a girl. When I am about to message her she messages me and other things match with us. What does this mean?
What do you think about Rahul Gandhi and Varun Gandhi as leader?
Where is Castilian Spanish spoken and how is it different from Latin American Spanish?
Why are all New Yorker and Atlantic editors and writers Ivy League graduates?
Do Sikhs still care about Khalistan movement and wants separate nation Khalistan?
What is the difference between EVT, DVT, and PVT in engineering validation tests?
How do the safety records of Boeing aircraft and Airbus aircraft compare?
Where did the buffalo wing come from and why the strange name?
Why didn't Gandalf the White seek after Frodo and Sam after leaving Zirakzigil to help their quest?
What are the responsibilities of the irrigation and water resource department?
How product design (software) and product design (physical goods) are different?
Is life a loop in which we all die at some point and come back in another life? Why?
What is the way to scan integer and string value in Java?
Are there differences between German Jewish and Eastern European Jewish genetics?
In a class, students were asked about their preference: Apple, Banana and Mango, 78 percent of liked at least one . 50 percent of the class liked apples, 30 percent liked bananas and 20 percent liked mangoes. If 6 percent of the students in the class liked all the three fruits, what percentage of students liked more than one fruit?
I have a glass screen protector on my iPhone 6 and I cracked my screen protector does that mean the real iPhone is cracked too?
Are people on Quora concerned with their views and upvotes from a question before answering the question?
I own a web design firm. Could I partner with a law firm and trade mutually beneficial services or is that a bad idea?
Is it possible for a person to be pedophile and teleiophile at the same time?
Is my iPhone 6s hacked if not in use and my conversation plays on someone else in rooms cell phone?
What is the best TV I can buy for \u00a3600 which is at least 49 inches and suitable for playing emulated games? Should I be looking for a 4k 10 bit HDR?
What's the difference between a .357 Magnum and a .357 Maximum revolver?
My father's school leaving certificate has a wrong date of birth and he doesn't have a birth certificate too, how would he get a passport?
Why don't Indians practise yoga and achieve Siddhis like precognition and teleportation rather than becoming slaves to Western culture?
Do Samsung phones have built in Equilizers and if so do they work on all apps?
What are some healthy daily activities and habits every student should adopt?
Why do my parents compare me to other children and how do I convince them to stop doing that?
How far in advance are Jeopardy! Shows taped, and how many are taped in one session?
Why do businesses, even big reputable ones, send out email and say \"Please do not reply to this email.\"? Are they that dumb, or rude?
Why do so many people like iPhone and why do some people like Android?
What is the relationship between a propeller's rotational speed and the thrust it creates. How do more powerful engines result in faster aircraft?
How many types of archives are available that support .ZIP files and can be password protected in different operating systems?
I am working as a branch manager. I have done a B.Sc and an LLB. Which course would suit me and take less time: CA/CS/actuaries?
How can I build a sales funnel for corporate gift business and successfully monetize the different points along the way?
Is it bad that I'm a 16 year old boy and I'm in love with my 10 year old sister?
Is there a market for women-only cafes and social spaces in the US?
How do I spend more time with my parents and should I spend more time with them?
How does one live with the guilt of leaving your old parents home and move abroad to make it big in your career? Is it an unavoidable situation everyone must face sometime or another in his/her life?
I am in 9th class currently and I want to be a graduate from IIT. I have started 11th and 12th NCERT books. People say that it is better to start early. Am I following the right path?
Why isn't Shonda Rhimes angry about all the poverty and environmental destruction in the world? Does she not have a heart?
What should you respond when you point some bad action a Christian has done and people say \"but that was not a true Christian\"?
What are some pretty simple and healthy things I can make with scrambled eggs?
How is the labour of Mary and her birth giving to Jesus described in the Bible?
Is it possible to get an equitable settlement when divorcing through the use of a mediator and then filing  the paperwork without employing attorneys?
How much does it cost to own a gas station in the canada and how much do you make per year if you employ people to run it for you?
How can I train myself to focus and be work ethic like Elon Musk?
Where can I find online tutorials for sound design and music editing using a DAW?
Anyone can click on the View Source of my webpage and know that I use WordPress. Is there a way I can hide this?
How should I prepare inorganic and organic chemistry for the class 12 CBSE boards?
Do people with anhedonia have an interest in sex and want it? I have heard that people with anhedonia find everything boring, does this include sex?
What is a meat thermometer, and can you leave it in the oven while baking?
My boyfriend supports and admires Donald Trump and his ideology. Should I break up with him?
I am mechanical engineering student and I wany to do preparing for IES then what we will do for best result?
I have realised that I get irritated very easily, and even small things make me angry. In such state I shout at people I care for, and then repent later. What should I do?
Why do many Indians like Jews and vise versa? And why do they support Israel?
What are the Avurvedic and natural remedies to make Gums pink?
How can the drive from Edmonton to Auckland be described, and how do these cities' attractions compare to those in Vancouver?
How could Indian government keep the demonetisation of 500 INR and 1000 INR a secret so successfully?
Why are my neck veins distended at times, and they feel like they're choking me?
Why does my cat lick himself, look around crazily, meow unhappily and then take off like a rocket? Does he think that a flea is biting him?
I'm 29 years old with 4 years of working experience in banking. I left banking 1 year ago and jumped into HR recruitment industry as a fresher?
What do you do if you're mentally ill and everyone abandons you?
How does WeChat's login via QR code work, and why did WeChat choose to use QR codes?
How is cephalexin used to treat syphilis and how is cephalexin made?
If someone blocks your number and you send SMS message will the message be delivered and will you get delivery report?
What are the differences between a caribou and an elk? What are their similarities?
What is a good weight and height for a 19 year old male?
My overall score in IELTS is 7.5. But my writing and speaking score is 6.5. Can I take the CELTA course. will I be able to cope up with it?
What are the full forms of the \"vi\",\" vim\", and \"gcc\"  commands in Linux?
How much do you exercise throughout the day and week to loose a hundred pounds in a year?
What are the small things people do daily and feel very lazy doing them?
Why are there many Indians in Malaysia and Singapore, but not in other SE Asian countries?
What is the reason behind PM Modi's decision to abolish Rs 500 and 1000 currency notes from today (8 November 2016) midnight?
What are the implications of India and China supporting Russia on the Ukraine issue?
Why do some guys like to \"neg\" girls? It's really annoying and hurts our feelings. How do I not let the negging bother me?
Your advice will HELP me! I think I should go abroad for MS and to establish a good life and get married there (How much time it will take?) But I have a good job here in my home town and friends/family urge me to get married now at age 30 in Pakistan (It can be within 1-2yrs). I am still double minded! .
Deep Thoughts: If your life had absolutely no limits and you could have it all and do whatever you wanted, what would you choose to have and what would you choose to do?
What are unalienable rights and what are some examples of them?
What is permanent press on washer and dryer cycle settings? How and when should they be used?
How do you make life suit you and stop life from abusing you mentally and emotionally?
How can the 4 corners of Texas experience some of the growth and success of Texas's biggest metro areas?
Where can orienteering meeting take place, and what is the purpose of these meetings?
I still haven't digested yesterday's food (it's in my stomach and I can smell it when I burp). What should I do?
Where can I get best deals and offer for international air tickets?
House of Cards Season 2: What is the significance of Frank and Claire's special encounter with Meechum at the end of Chapter 24?
What if I went back in time and killed my past self?
If an individual does not want to establish credit in the US, and does not want to have their credit tracked, how does he/she opt out of the system?
How you interpet the conflict between the way of teaching and the absorbance of student in Karna-Parshuram scenario?
What was the the Gallipoli campaign and what did it succeed (or fail) in doing?
Is it illegal for a licensed and insured teen to drive a rental car?
Why do ceiling fans in the US have 4 or 5 blades, and fans in India have 3 blades?
What is the best way to remember, and not to forget later?
What will be the result of banning 500 and 1000 rupees note in India?
What is your most-irrational fear and how have you coped with it?
Why do my answers on Quora don't get more views and upvotes, but get collapsed?
How can I become an investment banker and what should I study in college?
Which is the best brand for earphones among JBL, Sennheiser, Philips, Sony and Skull Candy? Which model can you suggest in the range of 1.5k?
Which one is better between B.Tech and L.L.B, or a B.A L.L.B? Why?
Why moving iron instruments work on AC and DC supply both but moving coil instruments work only in DC supply only ?
It's been a year since my ex-girlfriend and I broke up and I'm still madly in love with her. We've been friends for almost six years and even though we tried to date and it didn't work, we remain good friends. Should I move on?
Which languages are most widely spoken and understood in the Philippines?
Where did World War II get its name from and which civilization suffered the greatest impact?
I am a male Indian national. I have previous traveled to the UK and have a valid Schengen visa (that I'm planning to use next month). Which other countries can I easily get a visa for?
What are your reasons to vote for Trump if you\u2019ll vote for him and why do you personally consider this a good idea?
What are the most interesting products and innovations that Citi Trends is coming out with in 2016?
What are daily things people do to cherish others and make the world a better place?
My brother recently just went away to college and I get really bored at home, what can I do?
Which laptop under INR 60K is slim sleek and good for my programming needs?
What can be done to make medicine and prescription drugs less expensive?
How did the consumption of tobacco spread so fast and wide- when it was so harmful?
Can I buy or lease a car, register and get ins for it in California with a New York license?
What does the quote \"we see the same moon you and I you in your world\" mean?
How can I use Omegle on my iPod Touch and how is it compared to using Anonytext?
Has a Donald trump fan ever changed his stance and seen him for what he really is?
How do cell phone signal receptions and plan rates in Hawaii differ form the ones in Alaska?
What should be the minimum TDS level for the drinking water and what should be the maximum in RO system?
As a PMP certified Project Manager how can I learn different tools and applications relevant to Project Management?
What mistakes did you make while preparing for CAT 16 and what have you learned from it?
What is a good inpatient drug and alcohol rehab center near Fayette County GA?
What are the best products to wash and care for belly button piercings?
How do I use \"be and or become\" in a sentence?
How do Romeo and Juliet's families differ in \"Romeo and Juliet\" by William Shakespeare?
I'm in love with a guy. My parents don't like him because he is not from our caste and slso not earning as per their expectations. However, he is very caring and lovable. I don't think I can find a person like him in my life. How can I convince my parents?
What are the most interesting products and innovations that Boston Scientific is coming out with in 2016?
What is the national seclusion policy of Japan and how did it affect the contact with Western countries?
What are the differences between a humane act and acts of man in human conduct?
How can I think before speaking and not say things to hurt people?
Which is a suitable inpatient drug and alcohol rehab center near Boone County AR?
I was born in Malaysia. My natural parents are both from Taiwan and my status in Malaysia is stateless. Can I apply for Taiwanese citizenship?
What does German sign language look like, and how does it differ from English sign language?
What is the difference between a socialist and a Democratic socialist?
Is it possible to download XCode and build an app, at an Apple Store?
Why do assholes finish first and nice guys always finish last?
Where in Toronto can I get cost effective and professional voice training (which actors do) for business purposes?
Why are people with authenticity, conscience, kindness and selflessness (traits highly prized by society) easy targets for manipulators?
How do you compare and contrast active transport and passive transport?
My boyfriend always blames me for being useless when he feels bad about his life or when he is in trouble. I want to help him and I try to help him, but he is not satisfied. He always says I'm not his type. He broke up with me and then came back to me so many times. What's wrong with him or with us?
How can I use Omegle on my iPod Touch and how is it compared to using ChatRevolve?
What are the strengths and weaknesses of the advising system at UMass?
Marx said \"The religion is opium of the people\". Then how and why Communist parties of India turned anti-Hindu?
If the original recipient forwards an e-mail they receive, and then someone replies to that e-mail, can the original sender see this reply or the forwarded message?
Is it worth it to become a \"Certified Web Developer\" and what certificate carries the most weight?
Who really built the Great Pyramid of Giza and other ancient Egyptian Pyramids?
I am having a lot of knee pain because there is a gap in my knee. What exercises should I do to make my knee better and reduce the gap? Is it recommended to take pills too along with it?
I have a boyfriend that doesn't like when I go to parties with my family. The next day he asks about, who I danced with and what I wore. He also asks me to take a picture of what I wore and send it to him. He says he's just caring, but I don't feel like he is. Is it caring or controlling?
Hey Ariel, What are some good resources for learning and performing Sentiment Analysis?
A train moves on rails from A to B. It goes from A to B with speed 60km/hr and returns from B to A with speed 40km/hr. What is the average velocity?
When I tried to create a Google Wallet account, it asked for my proof of ID and credit or debit card photo. Is it safe to do so?
I am going to Rome at the beginning of April and am looking for some wedding rings. Is Rome the right place to buy them and where?
What is the effective nuclear charge of sodium and how do you find out the effective nuclear charge of sodium?
Why is the distance between the America and India longer than the diameter of the earth?
What is the omasum of a cow and what function does it serve?
What is Ah (Ampere Hour) and how much Ampere does a 12V 7Ah battery has?
Was any president in the U.S. impeached and if so how? Why would a president get impeached?
Are people allowed to buy plant seeds from other countries online and shipped them to there own country?
How is number of parallel paths of lap and wave winding found in a generator, motor?
How do I stop thinking with my dick and start thinking with my head?
Should I learn basic Photoshop and Illustrator before starting to learn game designing?
Who will discuss philosophically, with reasons, and without personal offense, 6 points asserting atheism is a belief and a belief system?
How far is Batangas from Laguna, and how do these city's tourist attractions compare to Funafuti's?
Why are some people way too aggressive and violent but still don't have problems like high BP?
Does letting weed sit in a bottle of e-juice and then vaping the juice, get you high?
What is the present value of a bond that makes a coupon payment of  dollar 200 at the end of each year and a final payment of  dollar 3000 after 5 years if r = 5 percent?
Is it true that space isn't expanding, and that that doesn't make any sense?
What are you options after class 12 science if you are good enough at it and don't prefer the conventional engineering/medicine?
What are some good spices and seasoning to put on steak?
Which is the better post-hoc test technique between Nemeniyi and Wilcoxon-sign-rank test for Friedman test?
Why don't the S W Monsoons shed their moisture on Rajasthan and Punjab in the same way they shed on UP and Bihar?
What is a good inpatient drug and alcohol rehab center near Union County NC?
If I ask all the class to pick a number below 20 and I would gift the person who picked 2/3 of the average response, what would you pick?
Somebody sent me a direct message on Instagram and people are commenting on it but I can't see any of them. I know they are there and I'm really mad about it so where are they?
If a war erupts between USA and Russia who will eventually win?
What is mean by inbound and outbound in Voice process in BPO sector?
What would happen to me if I was holding a (metal) fork and stuck it into a standard wall outlet? What would I feel?
I got a 322 on the Manhattan free online GRE test and 317 on Kaplan's online test. How much should I expect on the real GRE?
What type of companies are making use of the e-business and what technologies do they use?
I love a girl who is 8 years older than me, and she also loves me. We want to get married. Does the age factor matter?
What is a suitable inpatient drug and alcohol rehab center near Black Hawk County IA?
Why is it that in today's society people think their way is always the best and refuse to listen to others or consider their ideas?
What is a good inpatient drug and alcohol rehab center near Arkansas County AR?
What are the most interesting products and innovations that Real Industry is coming out with in 2016?
We know that heating objects gives their molecules kinetic energy and melts them, so why do eggs go from liquid to partially solid when cooked?
What are some of the most important inventions created by the Assyrian empire, and how do these compare to those of the Achaemenid empire?
Should I move out of my parents house and move in with my boyfriend who rents a room?
My friend and I were drunk. Later on, he started touching me. He says he can't remember and that I made it up. Could that be true?
Is it good Eating apple and a glass of milk as breakfast everyday?
What do foreigners think about India when they visit India and see the Indians performing the traditional rituals in temples?
How do you make superscript and subscript using Microsoft Word on a Mac?
Adam D'Angelo: What did Quora's MVP look like, and how long did it take to build?
How is the MS in Business Intelligence and Analytics program at Stevens Institute of Technology?
Why do so many foreigners go to China and think China is good?
What is the climate of California's coastal regions, and how does it compare to the climate in Vermont?
What is uniform civil code and how is necessary for India?
Why do most people only think of karma as future consequences for someone's actions today and not as consequence today for someone's past actions?
Which are the major highways in California and how are they compared to the major highways in Tennessee?
Is reservation necessary in jobs and other educational competitive exams in India?
What are the four fundamental forces in physics and what do they do and how did we discover them?
What are the different types of oak trees and how are they differentiated?
What are some value creating applications of 3D printing? And how can I start up and make a mark in the industry with almost zero capital?
What should I conclude about her and what should I do now?
What are the differences between Effexor and Xanax? Is it safe to take them together?
Why some people are blonde when they are baby and turn black haired when they grow up?
I REALLY like theme songs from games and movies. Can anyone recommend any?
Does studying subjects like business laws and stocks and shares help an MBA aspirant during his PI?
What are the limitations of general supply curve and demand curve? What are the assumptions made for plotting this curve?
Have you ever noted a significant difference between what you were taught in school and what you have learned while living life in the real world? What were the biggest lies you were taught as truths in school?
Why the Japanese didn't attack India? They were attacking British and US colonies, what made them leave India alone?
Why can't Israel allow Palestinians to return to their homes and be granted Israeli citizenship?
Why does the U.S. treat the black-box operated, corrupted and private Arbitration as universal standards in the world?
What are the upcoming trends in supply chain management and procurement? How a research project can be done on any of those topics?
How do I compare two values, one input and another from a database in Java?
What is the approach for solving GSS1 and GSS3 on SPOJ using segment trees?
How intense is a computer science concentration at Harvard, and what is daily life like for a typical concentrator?
My friend's Facebook profile got hacked and he wants to delete his profile permanently. What are the ways he can do it?
What is a compound subject and compound predicate? What are some examples
What are the differences between \"Although\",\"Though\", and \"Albeit\"? In what conditions are each of the above used?
Is there going to be a war between India and Pakistan in the near future?
What are some of the most modern, radical and opposing theories to Freud's Oedipus complex out there?
Was Churchill's attitude of rabid racism against the Non-White people and imperialist snobbery stemming from his own dismal failure in early life?
How do I stop feeling lonely and find someone for me?
Which movies have Drew Barrymore and Adam Sandler starred in together?
When I try to put bubble bath liquid in a tub, it goes straight to the bottom and makes very few bubbles. How do I put bubble bath liquid in properly?
Where is Vittel located in France, and how do its tourist attractions compare to the ones in Paris?
Is it true that in order to be part of an elite or just rich and successful, you have to join a secret organisation otherwise no chance at all?
Where does the water from the Great Lakes come from, and how does these lakes wildlife compare to lake Sniardwi?
What is the difference between the mechanisms of 1-star and 5-star energy rating appliances?
How does ixigo know that I booked a flight ticket? I booked from indigo website and received an email from ixigo stating that next time book with us
What would be the sample size for the assessment of knowledge, attitude and practice of mother's regarding breastfeeding in a government hospital.?
If Back fill compound is not fill in bore of chemical earthing rod/pipe and soil is refill again, Will it give long life in same condition\u2026
Which is a suitable inpatient drug and alcohol rehab center near Robertson County KY?
How do you convert direct speech into reported speech and vice versa including all cases?
What are the differences between the radio antenna and the antenna of the wireless router?
Is \"all is fair in love and war\" a medieval concept?
What was your first job and what did you think about it?
What is the common opinion about Spain and Spaniards in other countries?
What are implants? How much do they cost and when are they prescribed? Which parts of the human body have implants?
How can I get MOOCs/e-learning through online web and video courses related to clinical trials developed by Indian professorials/professors?
Can a family move to New York City and live comfortably with  dollar 2 Million in the bank?
How do get row from data grid table and set the row in MS Outlook text area using vb.net?
A recruiter scheduled a phone interview and never called. Should I be worried?
Is it possible for the United States to sell Texas to Mexico and what would happen to the residents?
How can I use Omegle on my iPod Touch and how is it compared to using Twoo?
What are producers, consumers and decomposers? What are examples of each?
What are the most interesting products and innovations that Air Lease is coming out with in 2016?
Richard Muller, How can I imagine a fourth and fifth dimension of space?
What happens if Hillary wins the primary and then is arrested before the General Election?
What are all the responsibilities, powers and rights of the president of India?
What is the difference betweeen turpentine and paint thinner for use in oil painting?
I have Body Dysmorphic Disorder and I hate myself; what do I do?
What is the possibility of war between India and Pakistan due to terrorism?
If I deposit 9 lakhs by cheque into my saving account and withdraws it the same day, will the transaction come under IT notice?
Which dialect of Faroese is spoken in T\u00f3rshavn and is more dominant or widespread?
If anybody want to expose a biggest scams in govt of India project cheating by officers and after exposed how to get reward for the job done?
What is commando training like in Singapore's National Service and how does it differ from an ordinary recruit's training?
What is the difference between the Senate and the House of Representatives?
What are the limits of String Size and BigInteger in Java?
Which is the best book to learn each and every trick/concept of Javascript?
I have gotten a 75 percent in both class 10 and 12. What are my chances to get into IIMS or any top b-school in India?
What are good places to rent fishing gear and go fishing around the Bay Area near Stanford?
The Technological Singularity: How will humanity sustain its excitement and enthusiasm to live and prosper indefinitely after aging is reversed and cured?
I have scored 72 percent marks in 10th, 80 percent marks in 12th, and 88 percent marks in a Bachelor's of Technology. I am aiming for IIM's after three years. I have been recruited by a reputed core company and after 3 years of work experience, I want to get into the IIM's. Is there any chance of admission in IIM A, B, or C?
What is the meaning of pin support and roller support in real life example?
I've finished learning HTML, CSS, and JavaScript. What should I learn now?
Is it possible to be both an Enneagram Type 8 and an INFJ MBTI personality type?
Which is a suitable inpatient drug and alcohol rehab center in Catoosa County GA?
Why do Indians keep deleting factual and true comments about India in Quora?
What kind of biology homework, that tests for comprehension and takes the least amount of time to correct, can I assign to my high school students?
I am planning to start from Mumbai for Vacation to Kerala. Munnar and Allepey is on my list. Should it be Munnar as first or Allepey?
I deleted folders from Device (from ES Explorer) and suddenly there was a black screen?
What do you do if you are pregnant and start having contractions at 26 weeks? Is this normal?
If you could represent Iran, israel and Arab countries with music what would it be?
My friend is 12 years old and wants to have sex. What should he do?
What is an autotroph? What are examples and variants of autotrophs?
What is the difference between \"molto\" and \"troppo\" in Italian language?
Who will win the us 2016 presidential elections, and give reasons for your answer?
What are the strengths and weaknesses of the advising system at Penn?
Is Quora Moderation dominated by Leftist/Radical Feminist people and do they moderate based on those beliefs?
I am unable to upload pictures on Instagram. When I take a picture using the Instagram camera, the pic momentarily appears on my screen, and then the app automatically switches to my news feed. The same thing happens when I try to upload a pic from my gallery. How do I fix this problem?
What is the importance of education to the United States and how are their views of education different from France's?
Can anyone who got placed in Accenture have history of arrears and cleared them during final semester? Will that be a problem?
Where does radiant energy come from, and how does it origin differ from that of gravitational energy?
Why are women allowed to cry and not be shamed, while men cannot cry in public?
I make short movies, I want to buy a good camera, with a good microphone and images (HD) not to expensive. Wich one should I have?
What are some tips and tricks an Android user should know?
Is there any awards and rewards for the top writers and questioners on Quora?
If you could only read answers and interact with 10 people on Quora, who would they be? Why?
How are careers in philosophy changing and what's necessary to stay current?
Scientists say that the universe is expanding, and all the galaxies are moving away from one another. How can they be sure that this is due to expansion and not shrinking of all the matter everywhere in the same ratio?
If 5 - 4 = 23[/math], 8 - 1 = 63[/math], 6 -16 = 32[/math], 9 - 9 = 78[/math] and 3 - 9 = 6[/math], then what is the value of 3 - 81[/math]?
Can I use my iPhone to record long videos from a distance and also have some sort of a mike to help me record the voice clearly?
Would the Jews have left Europe if they hadn't been persecuted, victims of pogroms and almost erased in the Holocaust during WWII?
On the New SAT, I got a score of 1490 (99th percentile) and an essay score of 6-5-6 (Reading/Analysis/Writing). Should I retake the SAT?
Is there anyway possible I can have one drink and pass the Etg test in 24hrs?
Are the writing skills that are required for sending business e-mails and text messages different from those required for writing inter-office memos and business letters? Why or why not?
What accounts for the success of Elon Musk and his various companies?
What are some mind-blowing inventions and technology that most people don't know about?
What is the best website for free chess puzzles and other helpful tools for learning?
I love this girl. She is Muslim, and I am Hindu. Is there a way for this to happen?
If you report some Quora content and Quora moderation acts upon it, does your PeopleRank increase?
How can you compare and contrast a Burmese and a Siamese cat?
Why does Darth Vader say \"Obi-Wan has taught you well\" when he must know that Obi Wan is dead and couldn't have trained Luke? Shouldn't he say \"Yoda has taught you well.\"?
How do I erase all my answers and question on Quora?
What would be the best firearm and caliber for concealed carry?
How is it that there are almost equal number of men and women in the world? How does nature ensure that?
Do all jobs in science require chemistry and physics? What if I just like biology?
I see average students from ordinary universities in India pursuing Master's of Science degrees in the US, and after graduation, they get jobs in top companies like Amazon and Microsoft. What job profiles are they offered by these companies?
What is the difference between overload and overcurrent? What are the effects of them?
What is the reason behind having one small testicle and other is bigger comparatively?
When Hillary Clinton travels to other countries, where does she stay, and how much does her room typically cost?
What does Germany look like, and how does its geography compare to Ireland's?
How is Bolivia's geographical location unique in the region, and how does its geography compare to Peru's?
Out of HF, HCl, HBr and HI, which has the lowest and highest boiling point and why?
I write stories, and I am still an amateur. I have recently started a WordPress blog for my stories, and I want to increase traffic on this blog. What are the ways to do it?
What, exactly, are the tax consequences when redeeming gold and silver bullion? Do cap gains apply?
What percentage of people with Hong Kong permanent residency are not PRC citizens, and specifically what percentage hold British Overseas passports?
Why are movie's sound effects and music SO LOUD and the dialogue so quiet?
Which book can help me practice writing and enhance my skill on writing in English for the CBSE class 12?
How do I answer this question: why MBA and why should I choose you?
Which of these companies would you prefer and trust the most: Karbonn, Lava, Micromax, Xolo, Intex, I-ball, Spice, Maxx?
What is the most painless and peaceful way to kill yourself?
What is the best job for an Egyptian that allows him to immigrate and live in any country in Europe or America?
How do I start practicing yoga and meditation by myself, at home?
How can I use Omegle on my iPod Touch and how is it compared to using RandomSkip?
What is that thing which girls do once in lifetime and that same thing boys do every day?
Is there any difference between LNCTE and LNCT in terms of placement?
If you are charged with drug, you don't live there and everything was in locked safe. Nobody else was charged. Are there any laws that can help me?
How likely is one to get a job coming out of SCAD (Savannah College of Art and Design) with an visual effects degree?
I just accidentally hit my head on the concrete wall behind my bed and now I'm dizzy, have a headache, and am having sharp pains. Is this a problem?
Five years ago my wife cheated on me, after 30 years married, and moved out to be with him. Divorced for 3.5 years. Why do I still love/want her, and how can I get over her?
What is the difference between meditation and thinking with your eyes closed?
How can I add the values so they appear above the bar and display subgroups in making R histograms?
I been seeing some questions on Quora and Yahoo that anime might exist in another parallel universe so is it true?
What is the difference between coking coal and thermal coal? What is the Gross Calorific Value of coking coal?
In GATE what marks for ONGC and BHEL are required to get a job?
Why is Greenland so cold while other countries on the same latitude like Norway, Iceland, Canada, and Russia are inhabitable with reasonable human settlements?
Have you ever planned to kill someone and seriously thought it over?
What is the best song ever to make a girl listen and fall for you immediately?
Foreign students pay more for an English university education. Why don't English universities help poor foreign students by halving fees and doubling the number of foreign students? And shouldn't a higher percentage of foreign students be non-white?
I have joined TCS in march 2013 but am  still on bench .My HR is saying can't forward in RMG as its been  only four months and  I need to get allocated on  my own.After four month I will take maternity leave so I am worried what will happen next?
Given traditional FED policy, will Trumps proposed tax cuts and spending simply force large hikes in interest rates?
Who is the most unbiased and reliable source of news in the Philippines?
How does it feel when you are all set for a project on your favourite topic and your guide forces you to handle other topic?
I said sorry to him when it was not my fault. Now I feel hate and I can't talk to him as I used to, nothing is the same. Why I feel this way?
What are some thing to see and do in Singapore that are not tourist traps?
In how many ways we can arrange letters from A to Z , when A and I can have only seven letters between them?
What is the difference between ps and bhp and how do I measure torque?
Who was your favorite teacher and how did they inspire you?
How will the ban of old 500 and 1000 rs notes help in bringing out the black money?
What if 1) Soviets conquered all Germany, Austria and Scandinavia in 1945 2) North Korea and China were not communist?
In which states is smoking weed legal, and what are their rules for smoking weed?
How can I get rid of my roommate and not have him continue to mess up my home?
What are the core differences between Meshichist and non Meshichist Lubavitchers?
I made out with a guy when I was drunk. My boyfriend saw this and he thinks I'm cheating on him, which is not the case at all. How can I convince my boyfriend that I love him?
How do I create a PDF from PSD and maintain the image quality with size reduced?
What is difference between Profitability and financial stability of commercial bank?
Is it hard to be a guy and constantly be seen as a potential rapist?
What are some of the characteristics and functions of the right side of the brain?
Can multiple wireless headset/mic connected to a phone and input voice from the mic simultaneously then connect the phone to speaker with 3.5mm jack?
What are the most interesting products and innovations that Aqua America is coming out with in 2016?
My father has been working with HPCL for the last 25 years and is now looking for a job change how should he go about things?
How do I plan a 3 day itinerary for Paris and a 4 day itinerary for Switzerland (excluding arrival and departure)?
How does the advertising industry work and how can I get a job?
After all Trump\u2019s numerous scams, scandals and gaffes, why are you still supporting Trump?
What is the difference between mecatronique master degree and mecatronique engineering degree in Morocco?
Why do we put the current transformers in series and voltage transformers in parallel in the substations?
What can be affected for the scrapping Rs. 500 and Rs. 1000 currency notes?
What will happen to cable and satellite TV in the next 10 to 20 years?
How do I calculate steel reinforcement and its quantity in slab, beams, columns and footing for given dimensions?
On Roku, can I get network channels (ABC, ABC Family, NBC, CBS, FOX, CW) and view full episodes of current shows? Is it free or only through subscription services like HuluPlus?
Sometimes I am sick at that time I feel sad and just feeling dizziness. How do I avoid it?
Where can I get very reliable and professional services for envelope printing in Sydney?
What is the left/right wing, and is it a small minded way of looking at politics?
How do I get rid of an acidic tummy and a sore mouth? Is there any home remedies?
AB and DC are two chords of a circle, centre O. If AB and DC meet at P and OP bisects angle APC internally, how do you prove that AB = DC?
What is meant by \"counting cards\" and why do casinos react to it?
Prior to POTUS Obama, what POTUS highlighted the plight of Native people and implemented measures to improve them?
Will the ban on 500 and 100 rupee have any economic impact?
Which is a good inpatient drug and alcohol rehab center near Baker County GA?
What is it like to visit the Disneyland parks in the US and how does it differ from the ones in France?
I have been working in Aricent for the past 5 months as a software engineer and have an offer from Snapdeal with a higher package. Should I go for it? Is it worth joining Snapdeal?
In electrostatics, when plates of a capacitor start losing charge and medium betwn the plates become slightly conducting is a magnetic field created?
How do you clean and care for a tongue web piercing?
Who is your favorite YouTuber and why do you prefer him/her over the others?
I want to learn financial management and trading in stocks and equity. How and from where should I start?
Is it possible that sometimes when an iPad is plugged into a low amp USB port and says \"Not Charging\" it is in reality charging slowly?
Why the price of pulses are touching the sky and why Modi is not doing anything to control the rising prices?
I am an introvert. Being an introvert I face some problems with communicating. For this I have lost some opportunities in my life and some people understood me wrongly. I try to be extrovert as much as possible, but is it wrong to be an introvert?
How many moons, planets and dwarf planets do we have in our solar system?
What was the significance of the battle of Somme, and how did this battle compare and contrast to the Battle of Crete?
What are some myths about earthquakes and why are they myths?
Why do jerks and dumb people breed way more than nice and intelligent individuals?
How can we get rid of religion and replace it with science?
What is the difference between Indian education system and foreign (developed countries) education system?
Is 'A Song of Ice and Fire' a reference to Jon Snow and Daenerys Targeryen?
What is the best budget hotels in Nainital for accommodation of me and my friends in this coming New Year eve?
Why do girls like to drink vodka and don't like whiskey and rum?
What are the reasons and causes of the 2008 financial crisis?
What is the future of my relationship if we both love each other and want to marry but want to experience other people first to have that assurance?
If there's infinite energy in zero point energy and infinite virtual particles in vacuum energy, is this real or just a mathematical thing?
I need an idea to start a bakery and through mudra loan scheme?
What are the main differences between a bachelor's and a graduate degree in healthcare administration in terms of career prospects?
Why is there a correlation between liberalism and IQ as stated in this article?
Astrology: Why are Virgo men so determined and sexually less attractive?
If I delete my Snapchat account because I sent a photo to a wrong person and then reactivate it later will they be able to see the snap I sent?
I don't wish to join a job. I want to be an intern and intern again. What should I do?
How is it possible for someone to write with one hand and draw with the other at the same time?
Why do many muslims prefer to be closet atheists and not come out in open ? Is there really a threat to life.
Relativity (physics): According to Einstein, light bends, because space is warped.  If light has little or no mass and cannot bend from gravity, how can space be warped if it has no mass at all?
What would be the consequences and the advantages of a suicidal person faking their death and starting a new life under a new identity?
Ethernet has a maximum speed of 1 gbps and wireless gives a maximum of 300 mbps. Can some one explain me what the speed here means and how is it related to the speed I subscribed to my ISP?
Does Russia plan to detach its segments from the ISS and reattach them to a new, Russian-only space station?
How does cholesterol affect the structure and fluidity of lipid bilayers?
What does it mean if the guy I'm newly dating always takes hours and hours to answer every text of mine, no matter the time or day?
The Bachelorette Season 11: What are some things to know about Britt and Kaitlyn that will make the show more interesting?
What is a good book about data-structures and algorithms in javascript?
Why does \"The Grim Adventures of Billy and Mandy\" cartoon remind me of Beelzebub anime?
Why are companies like Myntra and Flipkart shutting down their websites and moving entirely to their apps?
What are the documents we have to place in our folder and their sequence of arrangement for interviews?
What are the rules and regulations when visiting an inmate at Valdosta prison and how does it compare to prisons in Connecticut?
What are the uses of probability, permutations and combinations in everyday life?
What can cause a thick, white and chunky discharge during pregnancy?
What is the average gross annual revenue and net profit for a high end restaurant in Scottsdale AZ?
Creationism: How do Christians work out the age of the Earth and get it to be 6000 years? Do they then assume the age of the universe to be the same?
How do I do a good project in electrical engineering and publish it in journal? Is it all about research or search?
Do people with ADD or the inattentive ADHD forget and misplace things? I misplace things quite a bit and forget things sometimes as well.?
Is westside Atlanta Northwest and Southwest Atlanta the most dangerous part of Atlanta?
What is the Dedekind Cut and the construction of real numbers?
I ordered a product on 3rd october 2016 on Flipkart and its not delivered by 15 october 2016 as informed. Will there be any compensation for it?
What is the difference between deep learning and multi-layer neural network?
What is the difference between a mediocre and a great front end developer?
How can I be motivated to study for NEET and AIIMS by dropping two years?
Is there a possibility of Apocalypse and total collapse of economies in near future?
If the legal age for a man to become sexually active is 18 and legal age to get married is 21, what should he do in the 3 interim years?
What is the reason behind left hand drive and right hand drive in different countries?
Explained the advantages and disadvantages of labeling and classifying students with disabilities.?
Can a Singapore citizen obtain another citizenship and become a dual national? How would the government of Singapore know?
Do President Obama's friends and staff address him as \"Mr. President\" or \"Barack\"?
What are the pros and cons to an open source windows?
If anyone trapped in the World Trade Center on 9/11 had parachutes, and jumped with them on, would they have survived the fall?
Instagram (product): How can I login to Instagram if I don't remember the password, and I dont know the email address that was used to set up the account?
What is the fourth dimension of health according to preventive and social medicine? Why it is included?
How does the color green and red appear to a colorblind person?
How strong is the relationship between India and Russia? Whom would Russia support in case of war between India and China?
What is the difference between the old social movements and the new social movements in terms of their ideology?
Can a Singapore Muslim become (legally and socially) an atheist or convert to other religions?
Why does my male teacher wink at me and smile for no reason?
What are the 6 types of chemical reactions and their characteristics?
What is the definition and difference between right and left wing politics?
How much quantity of coconut oil, castor oil and olive oil should I mix together and apply it to my hair?
Looking for Bluetooth to Wi-Fi and back hub and BLE devices that have Android and Windows UI. Any suggestions?
What's it like to live and work in Riyadh as a British citizen?
Can I copy my entire master thesis code from textbook? Is it legal to copy the entire code and mention the author of the textbook in my references?
Is it normal to feel sad if nobody upvotes your awesomely heartfelt and intellectually stimulating answer on Quora?
What is so different in the brain that creativity and analytical/logical thinking are handled by different parts of the brain? How does this work?
What are some good JOB opportunities in the USA, for an immigrant from India, who studied BBM and MBA (India), followed by 2 years of experience?
I have a black suit and brown shoes. What color shirt and tie should I wear.?
What would be the impact of Quora getting hacked and all anonymous identities exposed?
I've lost my passion for drawing since my ex-girlfriend broke up with me. Should I take a break altogether from drawing and return when I am happy again or should I push myself to work through it?
I lift heavy often. How should I eat and how much cardio do I need to lose a little weight?
Where do Rightmove, Zoopla or Prime Location get the list of towns and cities with their coordinates and boundaries? Are they buying it from somewhere or is it publicly available?
Is Java similar to the following languages: C, C++, Python, CSS/HTML5? If it is not similar and you are a pro in Java, is it easy to learn them?
What do North Koreans and South Koreans think about India and Indians?
What are some facts about sex and anatomy that most people should know but do not?
What are three similarities, and three differences between Indian culture and American culture?
What should I do if I like a girl and I don't have enough confidence to talk to her?
Wherw is the best Whirlpool repair and service center in Hyderabad?
What is the difference between *p++ and ++*p in pointers of c++?
What is a laser draft payment, and how can one integrate this into their payment portal?
I am 19 years old, and have learnt about compounding. How and where do I start?
What are some before using Quora and after using Quora pictures?
What percentage of Australia is desert, and how do deserts in Australia compare to deserts in Asia?
What are the best books that can be referred to, for JEE Mains and Advanced for preparation in Physics, Chemistry and Mathematics ?
Why do guys give mixed signals and where does it lead to?
What is the name of the cartoon (or anime) that was telecasted 10 years ago where the characters unleashed swords and they would be on dragons, while the dragons were inside the Robotic Zords?
What influence did France have on Vietnam and Indochina during its colonization?
What do weapon laws and regulations state in regards to buying handguns in Missouri, and how do these laws differ in Colorado?
Does Reliance Jio offering free voice calls and Rs.50/GB of data amount to predatory pricing?
What are some of your deepest and most horrifying secrets that only you know about?
Which are the positive benefits of banning existing  rupee 500 and  rupee 1000 currency notes in India?
Why did Criema decided to join Russian Federation and not to stay as an independent same like Kosovo?
If I Snapchat so I could start a streak someone and they don't send a pic back they text do that still be a streak?
Kasi sriniwas, Where were you placed after completing acm from nicmar and what package did you get. And where are you now means what company?
Who were the great Chinese soldiers and leaders who fought in WW2?
What job can one get if he is a commerce graduate and done a course in financial modelling in india?
My boyfriend is wanting to kiss me and I want to kiss him too, but I've never kissed anyone, and I'm nervous. What do I do?
I want to change my branch from mechanical to CS within same college and university (RGPV). What should I do?
How do you display PDF files inside an Android application instead of loading in WebView by appending PDF URL with a Google DOCs Url and launching a third party PDF rendering application installed in the device? Are there any good free PDF rendering libraries available?
How do animals that live in ponds and lakes differ from the rest?
I have been with my partner for 8 years Last year we broke up for a bit and I got with someone else and ended up marrying them. Now I want my ex back?
Why is the enforcement of the Child Labour (prohibition and regulation) Act so poor in India?
Found an Instagram page that is selling the iPhone 6 for  dollar 300 and is accepting PayPal. Is this a scam? How can I get scammed in this situation?
Why do people hate you for no reason and without knowing you?
Brahmin Population in India is Around 5 percent but When we Go Government Office and Observe then the Brahmin Employer is High Majority. Why?
I've tried to confirm my email on Quora and it says I'll get an email but I don't get it. Why?
At what point of learning HTML and CSS should I start using Jade and Sass?
What is the difference between phase voltage and line voltage on a 3 phase transmission line?
Why do Iyer Brahmins say that 'because you eat eggs and non-veg, you don't achieve your goal.\" Is this true?
I was beautiful but I don't feel same about myself and feel very depressed. What should I do to gain my confidence again?
In the military is it possible for people to be too short for a certain rifle/weapon and if so what does the ys military do about that?
Which are the major highways in California and how are they compared to the major highways in Delaware?
I have a 7KVA generator which I use for multi-purpose. I sometimes run the AC on it and sometimes I don't. Will the generator consume less fuel when I utilize its power generation less?
What are some striking differences between Lord Rama and Lord Krishna on the basis of their ethos and mores?
Why is Earth named as it is, while other planets and moons in our solar system are named after Roman deities?
Did pirates steal from the Portuguese? From the Spanish, French, and English? Or just from the Spanish?
Is there a deference between RUF and Porsche? Why is RUF in Forza 4 and not Porsche?
If two businesses in different countries have the same name and are in the same type of business, and each launch their website with the same name but use different gTLDs, can one business file a dispute and take away the other domain?
I have three cat steaks and four hungry boys, how do I portion correctly?
How do I get an internship at CERN (Pakistani Student) and is it possible to get a sponsored one at CERN?
What is the reason behind having one small testicle and b=one bigger comparatively?
If the Romans discovered gunpowder in the reign of Trajan and effectively weaponized it, would they have been able to conquer further?
Which tools or methods can be used to track as to how often your followers/fans click \u201clike\u201d and comment upon the status updates you/your company post?
Why are supposed patriotic republicans voting for a man who avoided the Vietnam war (Trump), and how can they see him as anything other than a coward?
Which are the major highways in California and how are they compared to the major highways in Arkansas?
How is a programmer's (someone enthusiastic about android and automation) android phone different from ordinary person's phone?
I would love to join the IT field. The field is very wide and I don't really know which part will interest me and be a fit for me. Which book or other resource would help clarify this?
Can one be a true Christian without accepting that the God of the Bible created the world and the same God begat Jesus Christ to save mankind?
What is the relationship between the load current and the speed in a shunt motor?
If atoms join together to form molecules and elements, then what is the difference between molecules and elements?
Why are some people furious about and are against eating dogs but not beef, pork, chicken?
In India, what are the advantages and disadvantages of living together?
What is the difference between a certified and a chartered accountant?
Do people become more more cynical and irritable with age? If so, why?
What is the difference between being and becoming a filmmaker in Hollywood and Bollywood?
What is the difference between original, appellate and advisory jurisdiction of Supreme Court in India?
What exactly does 'doing something with your life' mean, and how can I know if I have accomplished it?
If given a chance, you can go in past and change one thing, what would it be?
What are some planning and goal setting fun activities for students?
I'm very funny and crazy with girls but when a boy talk to me I become very shy and I start sweating! What should I do?
What is the history of the Glassboro train station, and how does it compare to Karrakatta station?
What is the reason for the mass popularity of some actors like Rajnikant and Salman Khan (on a lesser scale) and not others who do similar action movies?
I am skinny guy, about 50 kg weight, I have started gym to gain weight and gain size, should I have to use any protein powder to gain weight?
How do social media, texting, cell phones, and the Internet make the world bigger? Smaller?
Who is that person who wears white uniform and always seen with IAS/ Collector?
What are some differences and similarities with ISIS and Boko Haram?
Why don't people start giving female children toy cars and tech stuff to play and spend time with, instead of things like Barbie dolls?
Who was the last most famous and popular leader of the US legal and registered Communist party?
What is the best way to evade the custom duties and delays while importing electronics to India?
What is the intuitive explanation of the case n=2 and case n=3 in Fermat\u2019s Last Theorem Z^n= X^n + Y^n?
Should I give up? I'm tired of searching for happiness. I have made mistakes and have not changed. I wasted 2 years of my life for a Master\u2019s degree
If I am talking on whatsapp call to someone and another person calls me on my whatsapp. what status will he get. will it show busy?
Can I get prostitute in Goa for sex? How much charge she would take? I want hot and beautiful girl there to enjoy. Where can I find in Goa?
How do two discrete potential first-daughters who are friends, and who have parents campaigning on opposite teams, remain friends?
How can i get free Amazon and Flipkart voucher by doing some work online?
How do you escape life and is it a good coping mechanism?
Can I wear light sky blue shirt with a dark blue jeans and a black blazer with white strips (almost invisible)?
I have a best friend that has depression. She had completely pushed me away and for a while was lashing out. Is this normal behavior? And why do people with depression push others way?
What is the difference between the SSC CGL and the SBI PO exam syllabus?
Is it normal to feel sad, lonely and depressed all the time ?
Why a pencil half immersed in water and held obliquely, appears to be bent at the water surface?
I love a girl I've known for the last 2 years. I talked to her and helped her many times, but she treats me like a friend. She knows that I love her. What should I do?
Currently I am Associate Editor at PwC. Am from humanities background and want to switch to market research someday at PwC. Is there any way?
Stochastic Processes: What are the benefits and the advantages of Black Scholes model?
I am a Canadian student in grade 11, and want a summer job over seas. What should I do?
Which is the best institute for SAP training and placement in Hyderabad?
If I paint my gun like a toy gun and point it at a cop, will he shoot me?
What is the use of minimum and maximum mode in 8086?
I have a very peculiar question. Can a person who do nothing in his daily life and still earn money to fulfill his/her needs?
Do Walmart cameras see everyone who comes in and out of their stores? Can these be obtained to use in court?
My son is getting admission to Wisconsin-Madison University and also to Stony Brook this year for an MS in CS. Which is better?
I'm in a transition with my career. I feel as if I'm exhausted and lazy, and come to work with 0 desire. Why do I feel so paralyzed in transition?
What is a consecutive calendar day and how is it related with the Thai lunar calendar?
U.S. State Law: If you have a misdemeanor warrant in Nevada and are arrested in California, will you be held so Nevada can come get you?
Is there evidence or at least a theory for why humans and other animals have a survival instinct?
Is the story about Donald Trump's own emails and his ties with Russia really true?
Turkish people, why do you dislike arabs? I know this because I and every one of my friends encountered hate there. This can't be a coincidence
What can we learn from the rise and fall of empires?
I lost my phone and got a new SIM with the same number. Can I activate the old Viber account on the new phone with the same number, and can I get the lost contacts through Viber on the new phone?
Which department/team at Facebook reads and curates all of your messages?
If a Bollywood movie were made on the life and career of Dhirubhai Ambani, what would be its scene just before the-end?
What are walsh codes and how is it implemented in CDMA systems?
Using Python, how can I scrap media files (both audio and video) that uses Adobe Flash Player in the browser?
What is the process for applying for an internship at Nextdoor and does Nextdoor offer internships year round?
What are the internal parts of a computer and what is their purpose?
What should I do if I graduated from uni 11 years ago and had only found work two years after for only a few months?
We did not remove the hypervisor or the VM or the guest OS, and we added Container on top. Why would that make containers faster and more efficient than VMs?
Can someone (Selected Officers) write a Civil Service Essay for the purpose of Guidance and learning? Topic: 50 Olympic Golds for India. Can this be a reality for India?
If you were exactly halfway between Mars and Earth in a rocket and you proceeded to jump out of it, in which direction would you float away?
If a tree falls in the forest and nobody is around to hear it, does it make a noise?
I am not clear about the syllabus and optional subjects. What is the complete book list and no. of optional to choose?
What is full transaction right and limited transaction right in net banking?
What should one do when your Manager comes up and says ,\"If you don't do an MBA, you will regret it for the rest of your life\"?
I tried to have anal sex with my girl and it was too tight to penetrate, how do I get it in?
I literally can't control my mind. I'm trying not to think about some things, but it feels like there is something in my mind, some voice who is repeating it all over again and again. I'm scared that it could be some mental problems or illness. What is my problem?
I am an aerospace student who specializes in drones, and have internship offerings from startups like DJI, 3D Robotics, Amazon Prime Air, Kespry, and Matternet, as well as larger corporations such as Lockheed Martin and GE. What are the pros and cons of these?
What is the monthly salary in the UAE (Dubai or Abu Dhabi) for a strategy and business development in IT company such as Oracle or IBM?
How do I take care of an one and half year old baby?
What is a good CDN network, for India? I have seen some websites use both CloudFront and Akamai. How can I get such integration but with lower cost?
What Internet on-ramps other than ILECs (DSL & FIOS) and Cable are possible for communities? e.g. for providing Internet access to Community Wifi LAN
Do people who have practiced yoga regularly for years still experience trigger points and muscle stiffness from day to day activities?
Some people claim Lionel Messi's achievement is all about hard work and not just talent. If that's the case, why aren't there many others who are as good as Messi?
I have just a single name Abdullah and I am going to apply for CSC, what should I do?
Which is a good inpatient drug and alcohol rehab center in Logan County CO?
What is the status of women's health and nutrition in India?
I read that the training period for an IAS officer is for 2 years. What is the salary and take-home during training and after getting posted as SDM? How will be the salary later on?
How should I begin to develop a proficiency in creating and controlling electromechanical systems?
How do I prevent lizards, spiders and cockroaches from entering a new built home?
What are the properties of electrons, protons, and neutrons? How do they differ from each other?
What does sinial mean and how can you use it in a sentence?
What are the cutoff rank and marks in GATE for psu for chemical engineering?
How do I get rid dark circles and puffiness under the eye?
For a US Citizen, will his foreign interest income and foreign house property income be taxed under the USA tax law? If yes, under which section?
How do I get more views and answers to my questions on Quora?
Why is Manaphy annoying in Pokemon Ranger and The Temple of The Sea?
When does sea water look green-ish and when does it look blue-ish? Why?
What are the pros and cons of international bacalaureate and european bacalaureate?
What is the difference between hybrid and re models of transistors?
What cultural value does the Asian elephant have in China and how does this benefit their conservation?
Why does cellular internet like 2g and 3g not become infected with viruses like wired broadband does?
What is the Personal Property Security Act and how is Nova Scotia's different from Saskatchewan's?
What gave your SaaS startup the biggest boost, and what's the biggest lesson you learned about that?
How can I console my best friend who has lost his mother, father and only sibling brother in the last 12 months?
Outer Space: The last hundred years took us from the invention of manned flight to the edge of the solar system. Hypothetically and realistically, what could be achieved in the next hundred years in the field?
Why were the Indian characters in Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire movie so poorly dressed for the ball?
When a police officer pulls you over and you drive into your own driveway, what will the police do?
Me and my ex broke up 2 months ago. She got into a bad car wreck and is in critical condition. Is it weird that I visit her in the ICU?
G is the centroid of a triangle ABC. AB= 7 cm, BC= 24 cm and AC= 25 cm. If D is the mid point of AC, what is the length of GD?
How does smoking affect our brain and why did Einstein smoke?
Why is the construction so hard and the destruction is so easy?
Can you disable Witcher 3 cutscenes and all sexual content including nudity?
Tomorrow is my 12th class physics exam and I have not prepared for it and there are only 3 hours left. I could not study because of depression today and yesterday. I am thinking of suicide. What happens to me after tomorrow?
Will scrapping of Rs 500 and 1000 currency note help in curbing black money?
What is the typical revenue per number of sales/ marketing FTEs for B2B and B2C companies in the insurance, financial services, utilities, and compliance industries? What is the typical sales/marketing spend per billion dollars in revenue?
How much gold is in Fort Knox and is it enough to get the USA out of debt?
Are the plant (and especially flower and fruit) extracts actually doing anything in skincare products?
How good is a salary of  euro 1950 per month for living and expenses in Prague, Czech Republic?
Economics: What are the pros and cons of raising the minimum wage in the US?
Why do hens lay eggs, how frequently do they lay them, and why are they not all fertilized?
Google: I've gotten an MCSE private cloud, CCNA security, and an IT diploma, but with no experience. How can I pick a good start?
After B.A. (Hons.) can a person do ISO 9001:2015 certification and can he get a job in the similar field?
What should I do when my husband says that he prefers to live alone, and in the process my in-laws have started saying I have an extramarital affair and that's why their son wants a divorce?
What are the key biotic and abiotic factors in alpine areas?
Why is the train system in India so slow and why are there no fixes for this?
Aren't the Presidential debates teaching our whole country terrible communication skills and why is deliberate misrepresentation even allowed?
What is unusual or different about the food and cuisine in Afghanistan?
How can one stroke adjustments in a crank and slotted lever mechanism?
Both India and the US are big democracies yet the US has more independent states and laws when compared to India. What is the concept behind so many independent states and doesn't it cause conflict in laws between states?
I love a girl. I stopped texting her on WhatsApp for few days as I felt that she was rude and didn't reply in a good way. She doesn't text me. What does it mean?
Where is the Baraka River located, and how does it compare to the Euphrates?
How many Indians listen English songs and watch English TV series just to show off?
Can somebody explain GST (Goods and Service Tax) to a layman like me?
Ow can the drive from Edmonton to Auckland be described, and how does the history of these cities compare and contrast to the history of Ottawa?
Why do girls like to show their bra straps and boys like to show their underwear?
What is the best client side and server side 'languages' to learn for analytics?
I'm a 13 year old boy and I wear my mum's clothes without her knowing and love it. What should I do?
Is it possible to get admission in NITIE with Bcom 60 percent and 2 years of supply chain experience?
What are the next steps after 30 day no contact period is over and they call you. How to make sure he comes back?
What is the difference between an 11g and 12c oracle database?
How far away are we from travelling to and terraforming another planet?
Do narcissists fully understand how they control, hurt and manipulate those who love them?
How do I slim down my thighs, calves and buttocks?What workouts should I do to achieve it?
I have a blog which i started last month and I already have six thousand page views, how do i boost my traffic and make money from it?
I like watching nude males, nude females and lesbian sex, but not gay porn. Am I bi?
Why do we need to put our web server applications behind other web servers like Apache and NGINX? What's the point? Do they primarily serve as load balancers?
Why did government released 2000 rupee notes and did not introduce new 1000 rupee notes?
If a Bollywood movie were made on the life and career of Deepika Padukone, what would be its opening scene?
What are the pros and cons of having only one child?
How can I start networking with potential PhD advisors and finding out whether I'm a good match for their lab?
My step dad got mad at my mom because of her trying to correct my step brothers behavior. He walked out and said he was going to a hotel for the weekend. Should I be worried?
What are the best motivational Weight loss transformation stories? I am 100 and I want to shed 30 kg.these stories will help.
What if China invaded Siberia and Russia responded with a nuclear attack, China nuked back, and all other countries do not nuke or get nuked?
What is the difference between the internet, intranet, and extranet and how are they used differently?
If one has a  dollar 400K mortgage debt at 4.5 percent interest rate and inherits  dollar 100K, does it make more sense to pay down mortgage principal or to invest the money in stocks or mutual funds?
As a software engineer, how can I get a job that involves travelling and exploring the world like those in TLC, Fox Traveler, etc.?
Wasn't Napoleon just a little like Hitler and Japan? Didn't he want to rule all of Europe?
My girlfriend is not with me now and I feel alone. What can help me to get out of this situation?
Wine: Home many states does E & J Gallo distribute to? What are the state(if any), they don't have their own distribution; and if they have representation in those states, who distributes for them?
Do TV show creators know the whole plot and ending of the show from the beginning, or do they improvise?
Do flights from the USA to Asia (India and China) leave from the east or west coast?
What is the meaning of \"acceptance rate\" in US universities and how do they affect my admission? Does a university with a 92 percent acceptance rate guarantee an admission?
Which AP courses did you take, and in what year of high school?
What is a good inpatient drug and alcohol rehab center in Gadsden County FL?
What is the difference between formal, informal and non-formal educating methods?
If I earn  dollar 5000 per month with accommodation and transport in Singapore, is that enough to live for couple?
How do I earn money by making an Android app and by publishing in Google Play Store?
Why the difference between the pitch diameter and caliper diameter of the sprocket not constant with increasing number of teeth?
How can I get MOOC/E-learning through online web and video courses related to biotechnology developed by Indian professorial/professors?
What are the major stereotypes people have about Denmark and to what extent are they true?
How would you explain the difference between functional programming and object-oriented programming to someone who's just started learning programming?
Who are the countries that invaded & occupied Philippines, and committed atrocities to Philippines people previously in Philippines hisotry?
What is the major issue between India and Pakistan regarding Kashmir?
How do you tell if a phobia is debilitating and could benefit from therapy?
I have 10+ yrs of experience and my salary is around 13 lakhs INR p.a. I have received an offer from a IT company based out of Dubai and they are offering 23000 AED per month. Can anyone tell me if this is a good deal and also what is the average salary for 10+ yrs IT professional?
If a person with a private Instagram account posts a photo and tags a person he is following but who is not following him, will they see that photo?
What do you think of the Batman/Wonder woman pairing and its hints in the Justice League animated series as well as the comic universe?
I am 23 years old and I earn 15k per month. How much should I invest and how I put to buy a insurance policy?
What does it mean when a phone rings once and then goes straight to voicemail?
Why am I afraid of travelling in vehicles? I met with an accident thrice and now even if I travel in bus or other such vehicles I get scared. How can I get rid of this fear?
How much of the information studied in physics (current and past information) is accessible and or open to the public (such as on the internet)?
I have resigned from my company in India and my tenure in the company was 4 years and 10 months on my last working day. Will I be eligible for gratuity?
Which IDE and language should one use to learn data structure and algorithms as part of competitive programming preparation?
Can I use digital locker facility to sign my documents using Aadhar verification and use it in place of e-mudhra digital signature?
When do you use first and second gear in a car?
ANSYS Inc: Where can I get tutorials and solved examples of multibody analysis?
Is it socially irresponsible for a woman to have unprotected oral sex with a man and not tell him if she has had cold sores (herpes) in the past, but does not currently have any active infections?
Why absolute frame of reference doesn't exist and how it is related to singularity?
If you have significant weight to lose can you lose weight and build muscle at the same time?
How are big data, machine learning, and data science affecting the field of education?
Is it necessary to compare any game's greats and fight over who is the best?
Are there any VLSI based startups in India and how well are they doing?
Why do plants and animals prodcue dimethyltryptamine(DMT)? How did plants and animals evolve to produce it?
How is this sentence grammatically correct and can you correct it please help?
I have changed my present address last month and am in need of a passport. Which documents are valid as present address proof?
If a car has fuel and spark, why won't it start?
I want to be a nurse, but I really don't like the idea of going back to school right now. Can I pursue nursing and work as a medical assistant without going to school full time?
Assuming that a cell is made of a definite number of atoms and that new atoms cannot be created, when a cell divides in two where do the atoms for the new cell come from?
Why did British engineering and manufacturing skills decline so dramatically in the 60s, 70s and 80s, especially when compared with Germany's?
Why did you hire Debbie Wasserman-Schultz and sabotage the campaign of Bernie Sanders?
How much marks should I get to get selected in IBPS clerk 2016 exam prelims and Mains exams I am a general vi (PWD) candidate?
I know the basic pragramming languages (like C and C++). What should I study next? Java or Python?
What are the changes that the UK and EU will have to face after BREXIT?
I want a more masculine bedroom theme so what could replace swimming, tulips, fashion and butterflies it's too girly just tell me now?
Iraq (2015):What is happening in Iraq right now and what will be the future of this poor country in terms of politics, economy and wars?
I hate my friend because she ruined my happiness. I like a boy and I told her, but he became her BF! She hurt me a lot. What should I do?
Does the name Malin sound weird to you? I want to move overseas and change my name. Do you think I should?
Why do some communities in India prosper more and some less than their potential?
Who will win the 1st match between India and South Korea in the 2016 Kabaddi World Cup?
Why does Quora regulate comments while sites like YouTube and Reddit allow freedom of speech?
Difference between programming language, scripting language and markup language and which is more efficient to do?
How did you discover stoicism and what made you adopt it?
I am a 26 year old Indian bachelor guy and I am going to Thailand for the first time. What are some suggestions?
Is UCSI university a good university for international students to study management and can I transfer elsewhere after graduating for Masters?
Are any 2 right triangles sharing a straight line base and having a common vertex on it similar?
Deal with my toxic extended family who humiliate me and cut me out f family events?
What are the problems of the tax structure and administration in India?
Now that torrent downloading is illegal and will land you in jail. Is downloading movies from non torrent websites safe?
Why would my husband change the IP Address and VPN settings to view Russian websites?
If I plan to make a movie for  dollar 50,000 next year and pay the screenwriter  dollar 2,500, what quality of writer would I get?
What are some local laws in regards to nudity in Vermont, and how do they differ from nudity laws in Maryland?
Rules of War: If an insurgent throws down their weapon and is running away, are US troops still authorized to use deadly force?
What is the difference between Class 10 and Class 4 memory cards, and also between SDHC and SD?
Do Jeff Bezos, Amazon and Blue Origin stand with Donald Trump?
Why are Chinese toy products less in cost and what kind of procedure do they use to manufacture the toys?
What is a suitable inpatient drug and alcohol rehab center near Morgan County IL?
How do we cite Indian Supreme Court cases and government reports in bluebook style?
Is there an inpatient Drug and Alcohol Rehab Center in Solano County California?
I'm visiting Croatia, Czech Republic, Slovenia and Austria. What are the places I should visit? What are the things I should carry?
What are the daily push-ups, pullups and sit-ups exercises equivalent for being a \"fit\" writer?
Are the B.Tech. students of final year (CE, ME and EE) eligible for the SSC Junior Engineer Exam?
Where can I find White and Dark chocolate cupcake in Gold Coast?
How are the prime gaps between consecutive prime numbers and the nontrivial zeros of the Riemann zeta function related?
What is user experience strategy, and how is it used in technology?
Can we prepare trial balance with the help of income and expenditure account, profit & loss account & balance sheet?
What pill is oval, white and has \"L484\" on one side?
Which is the best dropshipping vendor, with fast delivery times and cheap prices, to deliver watches to Denmark?
What is the exact difference between abstraction, encapsulation and information hiding in OOP (object oriented programming)?
Can you move to a European country to live and work from the United States?
If you cooled an ice cube to the temperature of absolute zero and put it in a glass of water, would that water freeze instantly?
Do peer-2-peer companies like Uber and Airbnb have patents on their business models?
A guy who lives nearby keeps staring, smiling and making eye contact with me. Does he like me?
I swim for one hour daily outdoors. My skin feels dry and also dark after swimming. What should I do before and after swimming?
Flixster: What is the swot analysis and marketing strategy for sparx shoes?
Does anyone else think there seems to be an unhealthy constant reference to smoking in tv shows/movies set in the 60s/70s/80s and although this is probably historically accurate, does anyone else think this is suspicious ... or is it just me?
What are the most common symptoms for pregnancy, and can you know with certainty if you are expecting without taking a test?
What is your opinion about the ban upon torrent websites in India and the rules of \"3 years of imprisonment\" that came along with the ban?
If we have quantum mechanically entangled bosons and one is thrown into a black hole, can the other particle provides info about the other?
How are responsibilities and duties divided between state and central government in India?
Do people with both male and female sex organs have periods? Why or why not?
What is the difference between research paper and study paper for journals?
Why is the MTV show Sifl and Olly not out on DVD?
Is there any way to get Quora to show a list of questions that meet some criteria and also have drawn a high level of interest, i.e., lots of followers?
In Westworld, why do Felix and Sylvester help Maeve? What's in it for them?
Does anyone want to know why and how time is quickening?
I am a fresh Android Developer with experience in Project Management and Sales, how can I secure a job in Moscow, Russia?
How often do airline pilots use the HUD and what are its advantages?
Which charger (mAh) is suitable for 3000 mAh mobile battery? I have two chargers (750 mAh and 850 mAh), which is suitable for a 3000 mAh mobile battery?
How can you become an A plus student and get all A's in all of your classes?
What would have happened if Adam did not sin and only Eve ate the fruit?
What are the main parts of a 3 piece suit, and what purpose do they serve?
Is there an Android Camera App or technology that really calibrates and works with the smartphone camera sensor to bring better image quality?
I am an obese person. I want to lose weight, increase my stamina and increase my running speed. What would be the best workout plan for me?
Who are some lesser known important historical figures of Kenya and what should people know about them?
Has a person taken a drop and cleared JEE under 100?
What are the strongest majors in terms of job prospects and what are the weakest majors at Central Washington University?
Which is a good inpatient drug and alcohol rehab center in Dekalb County IL?
Why do mesomorphs have naturally large muscles and build muscle so easily? Do they have more of a certain protein?
What are the budget places for lunch + beer in and around MG Road Bangalore?
What are the strongest majors in terms of job prospects and what are the weakest majors at The Ohio State University?
What are the best job fairs near Kitchener, ON? When and where are they held? What were your experiences at them?
Which laptop is best for an i5 with 4GB of RAM and 1TB hard disk configuration under the price of 35k?
What is the point of learning UNIX and where can I start learning it?
Kara Thrace what happened when she crashes and appears then vanishes at the end?
What are the PHP frameworks that support PHP 7 and what IDEs support PHP 7?
Would people like to get sanitation options from hotels and restaurants before the food is served?
What are two types of plant hormones, and how do they differ?
Where can I found quality residential and commercial horse fencing items in Sydney?
Where can I get very affordable removals and relocation services in Central Coast?
Is it good to study an MSc space science and technology in Ireland after a B.Sc physics?
What is meant by \"flip flops\" and why are they used?
How are photo-sharing services like Instagram, Picplz and Path planning to make money?
To which cast Sri Ramakrishna Paramahamsa and Swamy Vivekananda belonged to?
What is a good inpatient drug and alcohol rehab center near Barry County MI?
I am a 43-year-old married, attractive woman. I have a 31-year-old man who is a friend and interested in me. He knows my marriage is on the rocks but keeps pursuing me. What does he want?
I have 55 percent in HSC.I scored aggregate 68 percent in BSC IT and avg 75 percent in MCA. Am I eligible to take admission IITB for mtech in cse? Will I be placed?
I viewed someone on Linkedin and then deleted my account. Can they see who viewed them?
Why is naming things hard in computer science, and how can it can be made easier?
What are the most interesting products and innovations that Premier is coming out with in 2016?
How would the movie be if Karan Dharma Kama Johar had directed and produced Hindi version of TITANIC movie?
Car engine check light was on and then off the next day, is that a good thing?
What actors and actresses have the most recognizable and distinctive voices?
How long and how many failures made you start accepting failures as a part of life? What was your most dreaded and horrible failure? How did you manage to get back on your feet?
In my Instagram account, every time I couldn't refresh the feed, a page pops up and says: ''Oops, an error has occurred.'' How can I fix this?
Can genital herpes be spread from sharing the same towels? I have genital herpes and I'm afraid I infected someone that I shared towels with?
What is the difference between BH and MH curves in magnetism?
Is it right to continue believing you are special and important for some reason?
Which is a suitable inpatient drug and alcohol rehab center near Sangamon County IL?
Is it possible to take an undergraduate at Harvard and then go to Harvard Medical School?
How much money do I need to start a mermaid and pirate themed cruise line?
How can I learn best coding and what is the best site for this?
Man, I want to do my internship at Google, what topics should I learn and suggest all the books I should read?
Richard Muller - Do we still have any innovations and inventions that have not been discovered yet?
Who is the most underrated and overrated actress in Tamil cinema?
How does presynaptic \u03b12- receptors and prostaglandins E series control sympathetic nervous activity?
Who will win the 2nd match between Atletico de Kolkata and Chennaiyin FC in Hero Indian Super League 2016?
How easy is it to move from a physics bachelors degree and biophysics PhD, to a physics postdoc?
How does a hydro power plant operate and how green is it in operation?
What question most changed your perception of life and how you think of yourself?
Can a Hindu guy marry a religious Christian girl and live happily, given that they love each other but their values don't match?
If I know programming languages but not how entire software products are made and how code is converted into a product, should I take a software job?
I worked in the IT industry for 6 years and took a break for 2 years from it. Is it possible for me to get back to it?
Is it safe to take both aspirin and Tylenol/acetaminophen on the same day?
I have just finished my B.Tech in CS from a state level college, but my degree is still 1 year away due to some pending backlogs. I now want to use this time for enhancing my skills and increasing my knowledge so that I can become more qualified for a career in the IT sector. Any advises?
How do students generally feel when another student who is perceived as a stud and is more intellectual, interacts with them just like other peers do?
How do I fill piq form in SSB interview and what things should I kept in our mind?
What are the top forums for CPG and the retail industry, which can be used to post contents and queries?
What is flywheel in the engine and give me link for revision?
I was running away because someone wants to kill me and then someone saved me in my dream, what does that mean?
Can we learn skills and techniques to increase our happiness and satisfacation in life?
Which book should I choose for reference for physics and chemistry (class 11, CBSE board)?
Is there a reservation quota for defence personnel in IIMs and other good colleges for MBA in India?
What sort of tests (like IQ and EQ etc) indicate a person's status?
What was the production of artwork intended for in Hawaii and how is it compared to the one intended for in California?
How do refrigerant pumps and absorption pumps work in the VAM machine?
Where can I get quality electrical repair and maintenance services in Sydney?
What are the strongest majors in terms of job prospects and what are the weakest majors at Wilson College?
Should I just drop out of college right now since Bill Gates and Mark Zuckerberg are successful without it?
Who are some lesser known important historical figures of Jordan and what should people know about them?
Where does the water from the Great Lakes come from, and how does these lakes wildlife compare to Lake Neusiedl?
What type of visa do I need to open a business in Pakistan and remain longterm (preferably yearly extendable)? (Digital Marketing Office)
What are the benefits of green jasmine tea, and how do they compare to those of white tea?
How can I overcome my failure in a placement and improve myself to get a job into a top MNC software company?
How would you explain the differences between Cantonese and Mandarin to someone who speaks neither?
I am a full stack web developer for past 3 years. I want to study machine learning and change my stream to the same. How do I start?
How do I deal with an old, stubborn and overall difficult grandfather?
What is the best book for learning design and analysis of algorithms?
The Dark Knight (2008 movie): How was the Joker so sure that the coin flip between him and Harvey at the hospital wouldn't lead to his death?
What is the difference between paging and segment in memory management?
Can you see what's happening on your Instagram account while you and someone else are logged into your account?
What is a way to find Carnatic and Hindustani concerts in the DC area?
What would you do if you liked someone and now that person seems to have fallen out of love with you and wants to be your friend?
What is it that Python has and R doesn't when using them for Data Science?
How do you handle a roommate who has Autism and is getting very abusive and demanding, and also trashed the bedroom and kitchen?
How do I get back a sense of adventure when I have no money and no friends and live in the middle of nowhere?
Would a Project Manager (from a different field of work) who is moving into technology and getting their PMP be at a Junior level or Assistant if he has a lot to learn in the new field and needs some coaching. Where would they best fit with this transition?
What do Adrian Lamo, David S. Rose and Jason M. Lemkin think of the Silicon Valley TV Series?
Suppose that your investments earn an 8 percent rate of return. Today is January 1, 2015. On the first day of the years 2015, 2016, and 2017, you receive  dollar 10,000. How much money will you have on January 1, 2018?
What are the legal separation laws in PA and how do they compare with the ones in Massachusetts?
What kind of company should I contact to help my company to expand and give advise for other expanding or restructuring strategy?
How do I get back my \"mojo\" as a 43-year-old self-employed man with 3 kids and married to a affectionately inert woman?
What has been the impact of Sirius/XM radio and the Underground Garage channel in particular on the careers and success of non-mainstream rock and pop artists?
Whether a Law graduate with PhD in science and having PG Diploma in IPR is required to write a Patent Agent Exam?
What are the similarities and dissimilarities between sigma (summation) and integration?
Is it worth to leave your job and complete Udacity nano degrees in machine learning and data analyst?
How do I cheat in an exam and not get caught?
I want to learn computer hardware, software engineering and computer science. What are the books to start with?
What is a good inpatient drug and alcohol rehab center in Person County NC?
If Yama is the son of The Sun God , father of KARNA and Yama is the father of Yudhisthira then doesn't that make Karna Yudhisthira's uncle?
Is it dangerous to keep and use expired chemicals in a lab?
What is your most frightening moment as a flight attendant and how have you dealt with it, capably or not?
If I do a course in integrated MsC (Hons) Economics from BITS Pilani or any other college, what is the scope as well as placement in India and abroad? What are the other good colleges from which graduation has a value in a country like USA?
Do you know the ratio of Men and Women using Social Media?
When will I get married and how will my married life be?
What is the difference between a computer science degree and a computer engineering degree?
What fields can an energy and renewable energy engineering student work in?
Which country among Russia and Japan have better relations with India?
What happens in a penalty shootout if all eleven players have taken their kicks and the scores are level? Also, what if a player has been sent-off?
What are the different types of dirt bikes and how do they differ from each other?
Is it true that liberals are all crazy and each has their own silly belief?
What's wrong with getting pregnant and aborting it every single time?
How do you say \"please\" and \"thank you\" in other languages?
Who are some lesser known important historical figures of Vanuatu and what should people know about them?
What would the world look like today if Hitler had successfully conquered Russia and  Western Europe, retained control and then staved off the US? What would our lives look like?
I love this girl I show her a lot of care and she doesn't show me the same what do you think guys?
What are the requirements to be considered for the United States Air Force and how do these requirements compare to Turkey's?
Why don't governments abolish taxation and print out all the money they need from a central bank?
Why do you, as a theist, believe a God with nothing to gain and no room for improvement changed His already perfect existence by creating?
How would you deal with something that worries you and you have no control on it?
How can a M.Tech in electronics and communication engineering get a job and which field should be pursued?
What do American's think about the continuing rise in power of China and Russia? Do they regard it as a threat to their national security?
What are the moral responsibilities of a godmother, and do godparents have legal obligations as well?
What is the angle made by the minute hand and the hour hand, if the clock shows 8:30 pm?
My dog becomes aggressive right after he completes his evening meal and is about to go for his poop. He comes to bite anybody around. Why is that so?
What is your take on Muslim Personal Law Board's decision to boycott Uniform Civil Code and challenge ban on triple talaq in Supreme Court of India?
What are the strongest majors in terms of job prospects and what are the weakest majors at Texas State?
If anyone gets hurt in front of me, I can't react spontaneously. There's something that stops me from helping them and I try to fight it but I can't. Am I a monster? What should I do?
I have an IQ of 188 and I'm 14. Is this good or average?
What if you wake up one day and you find that someone has taken your life over in just a matter of a second and that person is starting to mean the world to you?
What is the difference in achievement between people with IQs of 130 and 160? Are there any case studies on this matter?
What should a girl do when she is preparing for JEE and she is crazy about IIT but her family is not supporting her?
What is the cut off for Bsc Physics and Maths at Punjab University ?
Most of them says that mother loves her son more than her daughter and father loves her daughter more than son.Is it true? (If yes please give me the reason)
What accomplishments are published in the Indian Journal of Physics and Proceedings of the Indian Association for the Cultivation of Science?
Who is the world's earliest talking baby, and in how many days did they start talking?
What is VC funding and how can a start up get VC funding?
I am working on an economics paper on wage and work performance, where can I obtain data for these topics?
Getting Published: Where can you submit a political magazine article and get a response from an editor one way or another?
What are the pros and cons of the Jan Dhan scheme?
I have a score of 290 and want to pursue MIS from USA and if needed I can elaborate my profile?
If war happens between india and pakistan, how will it effect common man economically?
What is the difference between a trunk port and a normal Ethernet port?
How will Donald Trump deal with his business and be president at the same time?
What is GitHub for a beginner and how to get started with it?
I told him I liked him and he didn't give me an actual answer! Help?
When did extra terrestrial life discover life on earth, and when did they start communicating, visiting and do some stay?
Phobia: I am afraid of injections (needles) and that's why I didn't donate blood. Everyone is now making fun of me. What should I do?
What is the difference between Latisse and Careprost for eyelash growth?
Why is steam coming out of turbine first cooled and then pumped into the heater?
Why do liberals need days off of school and safe spaces with coloring books and puppies when they lose elections while conservatives manage without them?
Given a chance, what's the one and only question you would ask God?
How are avoidant personality disorder and social anxiety disorder different diagnoses?
Why do some people prefer to watch the \"Kubo and The Two Strings\" to \"Storks\" movie?
With the new Obama policy allowing Cuban Cigars and rum from Cuba for personal use, can we import Cuban Cigars and rum from countries other than Cuba?
What is the difference between front end and back end development?
I recently discovered that Equatorial Guinea has a per capita GDP of  dollar 30,200, yet the country is one of the poorest and most corrupt. How did this country end up in such a unique position?
Why am I secure by myself and insecure when others are around?
Is the phrase \"separation of church and state\" really in the United States constitution?
How do certified bank checks work and how are they cashed?
Could it be that a terrorist hijacked the Malaysian jetliner and is hiding it in an undisclosed location, only to use it later as a weapon in another terrorist attack similar to 9/11?
If we compare Tupperware, Pearlpet, Lock and Safe, and Signoraware containers, which one is good to buy?
Have US Special Forces clashed with drug cartels in covert raids and in what countries are they located?
Smoking: What are the odds of dying in your 40's, 50's, 60's, and 70's for smokers vs. non-smokers?
The latissimus dorsi muscle is \"twisted upon itself, so that the superior fibers become at first posterior and then inferior, and the vertical fibers at first anterior and then superior\". Does it mean that this muscle double twists in an arm flexation instead of untwist?
What are the pros and cons of dating an Australian man?
For how long will it take for my baby in the hospital to recover and walk again after undergoing surgery (exploration of the bone)?
Hey guys, I've been playing Minecraft a time, and about a month ago no skins showed up, and they still aren\u2019t. Can anyone here help me?
What's the difference between electrical and electronics engineering and information and communication engineering?
Is a mixture of air and liquid air a pure substance?
What is the difference between clear all and delete all conversations on WhatsApp?
What are the national symbols of Puerto Rico and what is the symbolism, and how does the United States compare?
Do we have to learn the value of constants and electrode potentials for NEET exam or it comes mentioned in the question?
What are the strongest majors in terms of job prospects and what are the weakest majors at Tarleton State?
Where did humanity get the idea that people have to work if they want to survive and have a reasonably good standard of living?
If you could time travel and meet your 2-year-old self, what would you say?
How will scrapping the INR 500 and INR 1000 currency notes affect the daily lives of Indians?
What are the remainders when 2^222 and 11^100 are divided by 25?
What is the cost of ICL (Implantable collamer lens) in India and what are its benefits over LASIK surgery?
Why can't modern physicits agree on the nature of time and many other things? Has physics become subjective rather than an objective science?
How is an intelligence quotient test preformed and what is considered the average score in Alabama and how does this compare to Texas?
Do you think you can judge someone's intelligence and the nature of said intelligence strictly by the kind of music they listen to?
What will be the consequences of 500 and 1000 rupee notes banning?
Is gambling the most risky and fastest way to make money?
Any blogs about solo travel in India by men and also any portals avaliable to meet other solo travellers?
How do I say the German R in brot and frau? It makes no sense and I can't pronounce it.
What are the key arguments made by Neoclassical and Radical economists? What are the similarities & differences between these two approaches?
Why do I sleep talk and feel nauseous after waking up?
How can I move to Sweden if I live in the USA and have Swedish relatives?
How do I cope with a temporary and long distance relationship?
How can companies in India sell private equity to investors without going public and breaking the law? What are the rules- laws to sell private equity in India?What is the equivalent of accredited investor in India?
Is it true that the sun is losing mass over time and thus the Earth is moving away from the sun ever so slightly all the time?
What are the best movies and TV shows to watch on Hulu plus?
Where in Delhi can I buy high-quality fabric (preferably Italian) for men's shirts and suits? What will the price range be for the fabric per shirt and per suit?
Should I really need to do competitive programming? Aren't solving mathematics problems and making challenging projects enough to improve my problem solving capability?
Are there any websites that are dedicated to giving unbiased views and descriptions on all the presidential candidates running in 2016?
What does it mean if I call a home phone and no one is home but it answers and plays piano music a fuzzes out when I talk?
Does criticism of public figures and celebrities violate Quora BN/BR policy?
How many pieces of mail are delivered per year by USPS, and what percentage of that is junk mail?
What do Hindu's think on beef eating and what do Muslims think about pork eating?
What is Malala Yousafzai doing in the UK and not going back to Pakistan to fight for women's rights?
What are some inspiring stories of cracking AIPMT and getting into a medical college?
Why are there difference in price in various tours and travels website for same destination, flight, class, & date & time?
I use the Xiaomi Redmi Note 3, which runs on MIUI, and I want to know how to use the Mi Message feature, so I can send messages to other Xiaomi users?
What are the best android apps for learning and understanding music theory?
What's a first second and third level domain names with examples?
What are some arguments and counter arguments for and against violent video games, such as COD?
What are the requirements to become president in the United States and how are the requirements different in Philippines?
Could George W Bush and Tony Blair be tried for war crimes?
Why is there always conflict between black people and white people? Why can there not be peace?
What are some good coconut macaroon recipes that use a fruit as a sweetener and contain no added sugar, flour, or dairy products?
How do Telecom companies earn money given that they've to spend a lot on buying spectrum and setting up infrastructure, pay salaries to employees etc?
Why is Apple removing the gun emoji and replacing it with a water gun?
If you could afford the time and money, would you change your way of life? Why?
What are the most interesting, unique, and rare features about the English language?
What is it like to be gay in Sweden and what is the gay culture like?
As a New Yorker, what do you think of Hillary Clinton and will you vote for Bernie Sanders?
Which is a good inpatient drug and alcohol rehab center near Buchanan County IA?
My 23-year-old daughter knows only how to lie and hurt me a lot. She has failed in her life. How do I change her?
I am working in a freight forwarder in Peru. I sell freights for import and export. I don't have customers. How could I increase my sales?
How come people on Quora ask questions here, when they can get them on Google and why is Quora just a question/answer site, will it expand?
I'm going into my senior year of college, and I haven't made any friends. Should I figure out a way to get attention?
Why do some developers prefer terminal-style editors like vi, Vim, and Emacs, instead of GUI-based editors like Sublime Text?
What is the difference between TCS BPO and TCS BPS, and which one is better to join?
Why do some people lose weight easier and faster, eat much more, and exercise much less than others?
How is it possible that a 4 gb ram store 18 gb of operating system or 8 gb games and other huge sizes applications on runtime?
Why am I not able to appreciate Oscar-winning movies much and instead enjoy others? Do I have a bad sense for good movies?
Can you actually die if you have blocked nose and you forcefully closed your mouth with a tape?
What is the total number of active Quora users worldwide and which country has the most Quora users?
How can I use Omegle on my iPod Touch and how is it compared to using Roulette Chat?
How do I set goals in life and actually achieve them?
Is the IB diploma worth pursuing? I feel like school is a waste of time and I can't take the classes that truly interest me if I take the IB diploma.
Among Sony ericson, IBM, Accenture and delloite which is the best company in everything?
When in History do India and China became foes and why?
Can I still change my baby's name? She is just less than 3 weeks old and her Social Security card has already arrived in the mail.
In Ozone 7, if you use the EQ's Matching feature and capture a reference audio frequency spectrum, can you save it and others en masse for future use?
How is a day like in your first posting as an IAS officer? What are the different challenges and how satisfied do you feel at the end of the day?
Why do Indians keep deleting the true and factual comments about India in Quora?
What are the advantages and disadvantages of attempting UPSC at the age of 30 and with 4years of working experience?
Why are scrambled eggs good for you and what benefits do they provide?
What is the difference between a title sponsor, associate sponsor and powered by in relation to a brand?
What is the difference between scripting languages and object oriented programming languages?
Specific Jobs and Careers: What does an AVP and a VP in the Banking Industry mean?
What are some useful animal products and how can they be replaced for cruelty-free products?
Electrical Machines: A synchronous motor is connected to an infinite bus, slowly field current are being reduced and made to zero. It was again increased but with opposite polarity. How armature current of motor will fluctuate?
What is the difference between a data scientist and a scientific programmer?
If I went back in time, and was killed, would I create a time loop?
If a guy knows his girlfriend is going through something and he acts like he doesn't have much sympathy about it and then his girlfriend gets the feeling that he's cold hearted, what do you do?
What are some good ways I can get ahead and start leveling up quicker?
How would one explain the causes and consequences of 'The Great Depression' to a beginner?
Who is the cursed child in \u201cHarry Potter and the cursed child\u201d? Albus, Delphi, or someone else?
Which two political parties do you want to see in government and main opposition in India in 2019?
I messed up my class 9th and 11th and I want to study abroad, what should I do?
What is the difference between an unlocked GSM and a GoPhone (AT&T)? Can we use these phones in India?
Which is a good inpatient drug and alcohol rehab center near Flagler County FL?
Is it common for Quorans to ask a question and then answer it themselves?
What are the best books for learning for html, css and js, and learning to make websites and the design/front end aspect of a website?
What is it that makes you available for everyone to help and there is no one when you need it?
What is the difference between a movement along and a shift in the demand curve?
Who are the members of the gun lobby in America and how strong is this lobby?
My brother had hemorrhage on his right brain and remains unconscious in ICU. How can I help him to increase chance of recovery?
I'm in 12th grade and am interested in automobile engineering, what are the ways I can do it and which University in India should I prefer?
Are people still liable to think simple logic and rationality are a matter of assumed \u201cprestige\u201d?
Why is my belly less bloated flatter when I run on the elliptical and when I don't exercise (even for a few days), my belly keeps getting larger?
What are some fun classes and lessons for adults to try?
I am male, 170 cm, 69 kg. I lost 9 kg in the last 6 months by eating well and jogging 2 days a week. But I want to lose at least 7 kg in the next 2 months. What should I do?
How do I prove that for all sets A, B, and C, (A - B) - C = (A - B) - (A-C)?
My UPSEE 2016 marks are 288 and I'm of OBC category, can I get JSS noida CS or IT?
How do I simulate human skin's evaporation and associated contributions to humidity for experimental purposes?
What are the implications for Indian Navy and India with the recent massive sensitive document leak of Scorpene submarines?
I have taken admission in Rgnul patiala but I have been alloted both hnlu and nlu mumabi in the vaccancies, where should I go and why?
What are the best resources for learning Korean and how can I become a competent speaker, reader and writer of the Korean language?
Why is my 04 Jeep Grand Cherokee shaking with acceleration, and idle when in D. But no as bad when O/D is off?
I have got 19395 rank in the JEE Advance and 4522 OBC rank. Can I get admission in IIT?
What is Uniform Civil Code and why Muslims are opposing it?
In a recent episode of Curb your Enthusiasm Larry orders the \"all you can eat\" buffet and then seeks to share some of his food with others who ordered a set meal. What is the strict legal position regarding this?
Where is Mount Villarica located and how does its eruptive history compare to Mount Kilauea?
As of Aug 2016 which companies are providing Broadband internet connection in Shimla and what is the max speed offered by them? Not asking about 4G/3G
The Godfather, Part II (1974 movie): When Kay and Michael are arguing, she says that their son Anthony has problems. What are the problems?
Why has the US refused to talk with North Korea and forced North Korea to have developed atomic weapons and missile technologies?
Interstellar (2014 film): On Planet Miller, did Cooper, Amelia and Doyle spend 3.3 hours (approximately), equating in 23 years and some months, or did they spend just 15 minutes?
How can find rectangle length and width if we only know its perimeter?
What will happen if I add camphor and water to an emptied good night bottle and plug it in?
What is the difference between manure and fertilizer? What are they used for?
What is the difference between plot and summary in a story?
Working remotely for a US company from India and earning in dollars. What tax do I have to pay?
How can I make a simple water level indicator for a tank and automatically switch off the motor when the tank is full?
Web development, What is your programming language and why you chose that to make your life better?
What would happen if an independent presidential candidate beats out the Republican and Democratic candidate but fails to win enough electoral votes to secure the presidency?
Is it profitable to purchase a car and attach it with Ola Cabs, Uber or TaxiForSure in Delhi?
I'm 27 and I've never had a girlfriend. I know I have to work on myself and I'm doing that, but the loneliness can be so crippling. How do I proceed?
Can I visit Bhutan and Nepal without having a passport? If yes, then how and how much will it cost for four people from India for a weeklong visit?
Which post is better in stenographer and office assistant in uppcl?
I spend hours at sea in my kayak. I get lost in time, beauty and space. Can a deep connection to nature cause detachment from people?
When did social media for health care start and what was the first site?
What are the strongest majors in terms of job prospects and what are the weakest majors at Purdue?
When did the \"President\" become POTUS, and the \"First Lady\" become FLOTUS?
I'm trying to lose weight. I exercise a lot and eat mostly healthy, but I love soda. How do I give up soda?
When picturing aliens, what do they look and sound like to you? Why do you think they would come here?
Tamilians support periyar who said \"between a snake and a brahmin kill brahmin first \" is it safe for a brahmin to visit TamilNadu?
What was the production of artwork intended for in Hawaii and how is it compared to the one intended for in Maryland?
Will I get a medical seat (govt/pvt) if my score in neet2 2016 is 486 and I belong to JHARKHAND STATE GENERAL CATEGORY?
What are the reasons behind depreciation of INR, and how can we stop its depreciation?
Is there a relation between procrastination and the quick fix society?
Is there a genre of music that combines electronica and classical instruments? If so what is it called, and what are some bands from the genre?
While hiring an employee, why are qualifications, experience, and expected salary not enough to measure the salary of the applicant? Why is the current salary required for reference?
Could you list the pros and cons of cons of a electric violin and list everything they can normally do.?
I haven't slept for 2-3 days. I suffer from insomnia. I feel like crying all the time and I'm depressed. I am 18 and I'm starting college at the end of July. Is insomnia going to affect my life? What should I do?
Why are religious beliefs exempted from the Diagnostic and Statistical Manual of Mental Disorders (DSM)?
What do you think of the GST 4 -tier structure of 5 percent, 12 percent, 18 percent and 28 percent? Will it be beneficial for the economy?
How do offshore platforms handle groceries and small goods shipments from and to the land?
Every terran living being comes from a common ancestor and life originated only once in 4.6 bi years. So it is unlikely to occur outside Earth, right?
What is the third largest island in the Malay Archipelago, and how does its wildlife compare to Espiritu Santo's?
I am trying to build a simple website for selling and accepting payments online and I have already got a domain. What do I do next?
What are the similarities and the differences between Indira Gandhi and Narendra Modi?
Are youngsters still interested in philosophy and read Swami Vivekananda books? Are the future generations move away from philosophy and wisdom?
Am 25 and recently working on SAP frustrated with my job and coding, should I start share business, is it a right decision?
Which is the type of a new and stylish business should I start in India?
What movie have you watched the most and how many times have you watched it?
I'm an 18 year old male and my height is 160cm. My dad is 170 cm and my mom is 155 cm. Will I have a chance to grow taller?
What are the most interesting products and innovations that First Industrial Realty Trust is coming out with in 2016?
I cannot delete files on an SD card of my Android phone. Also I am unable to cut-paste files. A pop up message 'no permission to delete' occurs and I can not download anything like WhatsApp images, videos. What can I do?
Why do pretty women say they\u2019re ugly and ugly/fat women think they\u2019re pretty as hell?
You are locked in a room for 30 days, with  dollar 0, a computer and access to internet. You should earn  dollar 5000 or you die, what do you do?
How do I get rid of my loneliness and emptiness in life?
Somebody hacked my WhatsApp account and received my chats as mails. Is there a way I can find him/her?
Whilst stopped in traffic, does putting an automatic car in Drive and applying the parking brake damage anything?
Do I have to edit the photo if I have uploaded it without date and name in the JEE Mains application form?
How do I set .htacces file for solving canonical issues and image expiry issue in .aspx websites? As apache server don't support .htaccess file.
What happens if a sc/st or any other backward caste hides their community certificate and mentions brahmin or any other forward caste(General)?
How are the laws regarding self defense weapons enforced in Australia and how do they compare to the way they're enforced in Norway?
Were the WW2 bombings of cities such as London, Guernica, Dresden and Hiroshima war crimes? If so, were any ever prosecuted?
I hardly get any match on Tinder and even if I do it doesn't lead anywhere, what should I do?
What do you do if your boyfriend is moving to another country and neither wants to call off the realtionship nor be in a relationship?
How many faces edges and vertices does a triangular prism have?
Is it bad that my girlfriend and I don't like the same music?
I am from the CSE department and I got placed in a company called Gowyn Technology. The role given for us is technical support engineer and technical sales engineer. Is it good for my career? Can I choose this domain?
What should i do know as i broke up with my gf and i lives in hostel and my roommate has gone to his town. I want to suicide please help?
What is Wininit.exe and why is it running on my computer?
Is losing about 0.5 kg a week with exercise and healthy eating good enough? Can I achieve more fat loss than this?
How are call signs used in the United States military and what do they mean? How does the United Kingdoms military compare?
Did Prophet Muhammad actually marry a six year old and consummate with her at nine?
I am a mechanical engineer that passed out in 2015. Now, I am preparing for the CAT. Should I do a core and reputed job in order for my job experience to be considered in the IIM if I get selected? If not, what kind of job will fetch me a good impression during the selection process?
How do I use the cycling and workouts function on the iPhone Health app?
Why do people hate each other and think of one another as ignorant?
What is the difference between Ashtavakra Gita and Bhagavad Gita? Also, why is Ashtavakra Gita not as famous as Bhagavad Gita?
Why are divorce rates so high among the youth and did I just answer the question?
Why do men with girlfriends tell me how attractive I am and how they would want to be with me if they were single?
Why do the Union territories of Puducherry and Delhi have their own assembly?
What are some of the best questions and answers from the game Dirty Minds?
What ratio of questions could and could not be answered via a simple Google search?
I personally think I'm at a very good level in Python and I want to move onto a new programming language, what language should I learn next?
How does torrent sites work? Do they get any profit for uploading and sharing pirated content like movies or softwares?
I want to buy a laptop with full HD display, 8GB RAM and 2GB Nvidia GPU. What is the best choice with budget around 50k?
Should I buy a Sony A7RII with a 24-70 kit lens or A7II with Zeiss Batis 85mm and 24-70? I am a photo enthusiasts who mostly does portraits. Thanks
Do you think the evolution of the human race & the existence of god and he being the power behind it could be a reasonable hypothesis?
Elon Musk and his associated companies are doing some great work using technology and engineering to advance our world. Who else (either companies or people) is doing similarly exciting work with technology right now?
Are wireless signals (e.g. Bluetooth and Wi-Fi) harmful to the human body?
Is it better to get enough sleep and too little sunlight, or enough sunlight and too little sleep?
Very rarely, when I drink water, a little bit gets stuck in my throat and I can't stop coughing. Why is this?
What should I improve in my daily routine and how can I effectively keep it?
What is it like to own and drive a Nissan GT-R?
Actually, I am facing a problem with webmaster tools, I did URL optimization for a few of my websites, and uploaded a sitemap in webmaster tools nearly 25 days back. On this website only 1 page has indexed remaining pages are not indexed.?
What are the strongest majors in terms of job prospects and what are the weakest majors at UNC Greensboro?
What if you an adult 48 yearsold and your IQ is 45 what is your mental age 6yearsold or older/?
Which college should I choose between the two, software engineering and management at Thapar University or computer engineering at PICT Pune?
How do I balance wanting to do everything and wanting to achieve mastery?
I decided not to date until getting a stable career and my own house. What are the pros and cons of this decision?
My MacBook doesn't take CDs. I need a step by step guide on getting and installing Windows on it. Where can I find one?
I want to import garments from China and wholesale supply in India. What is the best way?
How do you use Genuine Black and White Bleaching Cream with Hydroquinone?
Why do some people study a lot and get bad grades and others without studying get good grades?
Are there good websites where you can find short and efficient implementation for algorithms and data structures in C++?
What is the importance of mitosis and meiosis and what are their differences?
Why did it take so long for Tsarnaev to get the death penalty, and why will it take so long for him to actually be executed?
Which are the most dense and sparsely populated areas of Mexico?
What are the advantages and the disadvantages of living in your city?
I have recived my appointment letter from Wipro in Jan 2016. and till now no joining date. Is it worth waiting for Wipro? I m from ECE background.
What is the climate of California's coastal regions, and how does it compare to the climate in Missouri?
Which kind of fit can we say of pen and their opener (cap)?
Everyone have ears eyes mouth heart and brain, then why the extremist don't try to understand the facts?
What is the importance of education to the United States and how are their views of education different from Italy's?
How can I prepare for amcat exam for electronics and communication stream? Can you suggest some websites for previous papers and preparation?
What are the strongest majors in terms of job prospects and what are the weakest majors at Marshall University?
What is the Lewis structure of SiF4, and how does it compare to that of helium?
Legal Question: If somebody is trespassing and gets hurt on your property, can they sue you and have a good case?
Why has SBI (State Bank of India) removed the 3D-Secure password scheme and replaced it with the OTP (One Time Password) scheme?
Do you think a 5'7 woman is too tall and less feminine looking?
Why am I so sensitive and how do I become less sensitive?
How many variations of the Bible are there and how different are the ones seen today from the original writings?
What is the relationship between Pearson and ANOVA in data analysis?
How do I play my part in ousting Modi and making Arvind Kejriwal PM in 2019?
Given a choice for Prime Ministerial candidate between Narendra Modi and Arvind Kejriwal, who should one support and why?
Which are the major landforms in USA and what characteristics do they have?
Which is the best tutorial for SSLC in Nagarbhavi stage 2 (Papareddy Palya and Dr. AIT engg. College surroundings) Bangalore?
What's the difference between social anxiety disorder and avoidant personality disorder?
My friend asked me to eat lunch with her and we hang out a good bit . Does she like me?
Is Fairy Tail still running if yes how long it's gonna run and should I watch it now or when it is ended?
Which is the best book to learn about indian stock market and trading in indian stock market?
Why is my larynx bobbing up and down when I sing vibrato?
What are some tips and ideas to start a new business?
What happened to my history on Quora? Where did the questions I asked and the ones I answered and my statistics go? Can they be restored or retrieved?
What are the parts of the respiratory system and what are their functions?
What Daniel is doing while shadrach meshach and abednego are thrown into furnace?
Can anyone tell the exact uplink and downlink frequency of mobile communications in India?
I never used Linux, and I want to start learning about hacking and security. Should I install Kali Linux?
Would Trump not be performing as well if Rubio and Cruz were more moderate?
In The Revenant, Why did the tribes attack Glass and his company when they didn't kidnap the chief\u2019s daughter?
What is the difference between CC and 2S classes of travel in Jan Shatabdi express?
Since Saudi Arabia is 2150000 km\u00b2 and Germany is 357000 km\u00b2,should Saudi Arabia take all of refugees?
What are the most interesting products and innovations that Reading International is coming out with in 2016?
What is the importance of education to the United States and how are their views of education different from Hungary's?
Is there a difference between a CDN and a static file server?
How does the brake system work on railcars and locomotives? What failed in the recent runaway train accident in Canada.?
Buying my parents home. They want a lump sum and I want minimal or deferred up front costs. Any alternative to mortgage?
Why do companies in India have outdated practices like 9.5 + hours of worktime and biometric login/logout systems as work from anywhere any hours is the new cool thing now?
Do you believe in the quote, \"sticks and stones will break your bones, but names will never hurt me\" and what does this say to you in reality?
Do you hand wash your underwear everyday or put it in the laundry and wash it all together like once a week?
Why does it feel absolutely horrible to drink Sprite and eat a banana at the same time?
Social Psychology: What's the best way to cope and deal with manipulative people?
From where is the sound produced when you press the clutch and race together? Is something rotating? Can you point some reference!
How can I get rid of chronic and acute back pain?
Where can I get high quality cleaning and maintenance services in Sydney for businesses organizations and residential properties?
How does one avoid doing too many things at a time and not going all the way with most of them?
How do France's economic activities compare and contrast to those of Italy?
If I graduate from Harvard Law (and pass the american bar) and I'm Canadian, can I practice Law in France or England?
How do people who suddenly become rich handle friends and family who borrow/ask for money?
Does bansal public school at kota provide hostel and coaching institute? What's the annual fees at BPL?
What are the differences between 1st, 2nd and 3rd person point of view?
How did people of Pakistan in 1971 feel and react after their military surrendered to India in Bangladesh?
What is a perfect number and which number is the largest perfect number?
How do I check if milk is adulterated by urea and detergent at home with chemicals?
What is the trick to open vault or apps and data secured by vault apps (android mobile)?
Will I be charged  dollar 99 if I subscribe to free amazon prime trial and order a sweater using prime but cancel prime after sweater is delivered (within 30 days)?
Why do so many people answer questions on Quora with long-winded analogies and can we convince them to stop doing so?
Which is a good inpatient drug and alcohol rehab center near Lawrence County AL?
How will Fidel Castro's death impact the world and history for years to come?
Can I get jio sim am 17 and have aadhar card?
What do Americans frankly think about Italy and Italy's current situation?
What are good online high schools and how do they work?
How do you transfer all your iPhone photos to Dropbox and then delete them from your iPhone to clear up storage?
Any book that can give an insight about administration and life in villages in Central or Western India during 1946-47 British India?
What about the Airbnb business? I just rent out an apartment with 3 bedrooms and the monthly apartment fare is 400 USD. Bt Hiring rate is\u2019nt good.
What is stub tooth system? What are the advantages and disadvantages of using it?
What are the good neighborhoods in NYC and the ones to stay away from?
What's on Balaji Viswanathan's wishlist and expectations from the Union Budget (2016-17) of India?
Will we create genetic engineering humans and breed with them to create hybrid offspring?
Why am I not being taken seriously and how do I change it?
Which is the best option for an employed MECHANICAL ENGINEER - Gain experience and go for a higher post in private or go for IES or CIVIL SERVICES?
How will we know when Voyager 1 and 2 cross the Oort cloud?
What would be the social, economic, and political impact for the world if Kaiju were real?
I am planning to go for diploma in international trade and then for MBA in international business from abroad. Is it a good choice?
What are the similarities between ISIS and Gulen Movement which is controlled by US resident Gulen from Pensylvania?
If golfer a gives golfer b a putt in match play, and golfer b utts anyway and misses, who wina the hole?
Which B-school should I choose amongst IIM-Kozhikode and MDI Gurgaon? I am a fresher and interested in learning marketing and eventually want to take a job in consulting.
What is difference between CAT and GMAT in terms of syllabus, admission, difficulty and acceptance?
Cricbuzz app shows latest news. From where and how do they get all these latest news?
Is there any scope for a dating site (which is totally free and no ads) in Indian metro cities?
Where is the Hole-in-the-Wall located in South Africa, and how does this natural formation compare to others in Afghanistan?
In \"The Blues Brothers\" (1980), when Jake and Elwood arrive at the Palace Hotel and park under a tunnel, why are there already other cops waiting?
What rank can I expect with 103 in JEE MAINS and 94 percent in CBSE board?
What is the difference between the monetization option and the paid content option on youtube?
What is that bad habit that you're remorseful about and had sworn many times not to do again but you still find yourself coming back to?
How should I stop myself from useless thinking, and understand things better?
Despite being neighbours, why India and China has a very little influence on each others culture?
Why do some people dream in first person and some in third person?
Why is Manaphy never an actual Prince in Pok\u00e9mon Ranger and The Temple of the Sea anime movie?
What is the average revenue for a bistro/cafe per day in the first year and what is the benchmark once the cafe hots its second and third year?
What percent of high school prom and homecoming kings and queens are elected as jokes?
Should I hire Nancy Collamer, Alison Doyle or Marc Cenedella to review and maybe develop my elevator pitch to land a marketing manager job interviews in multiple B2B industries?
How can computers perform subtraction, multiplication, and division if they can only perform addition?
I think that the Kota is the best for IIIT JEE preparation, and I hear that some coaching institute provides Online video lectures, which is the best?
Why does Indian Railways still use CRT monitors and age old computers with MS-DOS?
Jobs and Careers: Why are so many people content with just earning a salary and working 9-6 their entire adult life?
Given a stream of n integers between 1 and n find one number that repeats in linear time using less than O(n) space and traversing the stream sequentially O(1) times?
I graduated magna cum laude, with a double major in computer science and economics. Does it look good to employers?
What is difference between & and &&\uff0c| and || in C programming language?
What is the oldest known star cluster and what is know about it?
In which core leader competency do you create and promulgate a version of the future?
Do you believe Mr. Obama has been a good president and would you continue his policies?
What's the difference between hair wax and hair gel? When would one favour one over the other?
Why do people who cheat on their partners prefer to hide and pretend than tell their partners the truth?
What was Circuit City mission statement and how was Circuit City founded?
How can a female (38) reduce excessive and disproportionate fat from hips and thighs?
There are many foreign players in the NHL and MLB. What do they think about having to stand for the US National anthem?
I have  dollar 500k and no job. Should I buy a house and work on my startup?
In football (soccer), how do they calculate points and why they are calculating that despite the fact goals are there to decide a win or loss?
What's it like to work as a pilot for Trans Maldivian Airways? In terms of lifestyle on islands, work schedule, destination, pay and etc. What are the current requirements for a first officer position (hours, ratings)?
As an atheist: Which Bible books should I read, and which are just not that interesting?
What is the academic pressure and workload at the University of Tennessee like?
If I had uploaded photo in JEE Mains 2017 form without bame and date will it work or form will get rejected?
Which software is best for stock and options automated trading in India?
When designing a mobile app, what screen size and resolution should I create my designs?
What is the history behind the Rothschild family and the conspiracies involved?
Why does religion exist, and why do people believe in \"God\"?
Why can't I get into my Yahoo account and how can I fix this?
What powers do the president and prime minister of India hold on each other?
What is the easiest, fastest and legal way of making  dollar 10 million dollars?
If I apply for a green card and switch jobs after stage 1, what will happen?
My acds are Xth 88 percent, XIth 84.8 percent and UG 78.5 percent. What shuold my CAT percentile be in order to get a call from A,B, C?
Why did the industrial revolution started right in 1700th and right in Britain, why not before and why not in other countries?
I published an article on LinkedIn and I want to post its link to G+? How do I find the link?
What are the most interesting products and innovations that Host Hotels & Resorts is coming out with in 2016?
I am 23. I am shy and unable to talk to any girl because i get nervous and freaked out around them. What is the solution?
I go to the gym every morning. After a regular (not too heavy) workout and a decent breakfast (mostly puffed rice), I go to office. But I feel sleepy after lunch. Is this due to the meal or due to the workout? Why?
How should we look at social media, newspapers and TV compared to the ways of the past life?
What is the scope of Remote Sensing and GIS in Civil Engineering?
How much of the body can be removed and still be considered alive?
Let A,B, C are points on a line and B is between A and C. Let M and N are midpoints of AB and BC. If AB: BC= 3:1, what is MN:BC?
Is it possible to remove add friend button and turn on follow button for a particular person on Facebook?
There are 8 pills. They are all of the same size and colour. One pill weighs slightly more and is poisonous. You have a balanced scale and can only use it twice. How can you find the poisonous pill?
What are the pros and cons of doing a master's in electronics and telecommunications engineering at University of Bologna?
How can I use Omegle on my iPod Touch and how is it compared to using Camzap?
How do I respond to friends and family when they ask how much money I make?
Do you think it is time to stop fireworks and elephants in Kerala's holy festivals in temples and churches?
What would Gandhi think of Narendra Modi and BJP if he were still alive?
Is it healthy to urinate almost every hour and my urine to be clear urine after 3 prior days of drinking a gallon of water a day?
When do the numbers x, y not satisfy inequalities 3\u2264x\u22645 and |x\u2212y|<1? X<3 or x>5 or |x\u2212y|<1 x<3 or x>5 or x\u2265y+1 or y\u2265x+1 x\u22643 or x\u22655 or x>y+1 or y>x+1
Where is Mount Villarica located and how does its eruptive history compare to Mount Ulawun?
Can I rent a flat in Mumbai with my gf and fool the landlord that we are married?
What towns are located near the Kilauea, and how does this volcano's activity compare to the volcanoes in China?
What should a tourist wear in Beijing and Shanghai in November?
Do inkjet printers use color ink when printing black and white documents? If so, why?
What do people on CivFanatics and TW Center think of each other?
Is homeopathy a better treatment for rhinitis and slight nasal passage obstruction than allopathy?
I have a huge property in Florida which can be renovated and has the potential to be a hotel/resort. Where can I find potential buyers?
What are the psychological effects of somebody who was physically tortured and abused for decades that never got to see the outside? It's for my book.
What is the relationship between the age of the Universe (13.7 billion years) and the distance of the most distant celestial object seen in the Universe (13.3 billion light years)?
What will happen if Gujarat separates itself from India and forms as an Independent country?
Where can I buy branded shirts and jeans in Bangalore for wholesale?
What are the results of Saturn and Moon being conjunct in Scorpio in the 2nd house?
How does one prepare for UGC NET management and which book should I prefer?
What might it mean for a very long marriage when one spouse has, for years, avoided referring to the other with any personal pronoun apart from \"she\" and refuses to apologize or to accept any responsibility for even the most trivial error?
Indian government demonetized Rs 500 and 1000 notes but replaced them with 500 and 2000 note. Isn't this contradicting?
What is the difference between a predictive model and a forecasting model? What is the purpose of each type of model?
Does US actually undermine movement for freedom and democracy by using it as an exuse for warmongering?
If the U.S. also has one of the worlds largest river systems and amounts of arable farming land, why doesn't it have nearly the population levels of India or China?
I am a software engineer working for a leading MNC. I want to make my career in data analytics and Big data field.Can anyone suggest how can I enter into this stream ? In my current company I am not getting any such opportunity.
How do I stop thinking with my dick and start thinkning with my brain?
What was the significance of the battle of Somme, and how did this battle compare and contrast to the Battle of Dublin?
What will the iPhone 7 probably cost and is it worth the wait?
What's the difference between Bills and Receipts in the Wave App?
What are the best arguments for and against the existence of the God of the Bible?
What is the difference between \"where\" and \"were\" in a sentence?
What was the significance of the battle of Somme, and how did this battle compare and contrast to the Battle of Singapore?
If you want to interpret a published book into a foreign language and then sell that book in a country, how do you go about doing that?
What is the relationship between clinical depression and clutter / messiness in the home?
How do someone share his feelings to his parents about them and family who are not traditionally open?
Can third party apps (assuming user grants permission) display a Facebook friends list within the third party app and can the third party app run analysis on the list to display data such as most recently added friends?
Where do your lungs deal with all the dust and harmful particles you breathe in a lifetime?
Why did Swami Vivekananda critice Muhammad and Islam so much? Did any Muslim debate him on this?
Where do we use discrete mathematics and probability in computer science?
What is the difference between Cabo San Lucas and San Jos\u00e9 del Cabo?
We haven't talked about adding each other on Facebook or any other social media. He's gone for a few days and I already miss him. I found him on Facebook but I haven't added him yet or anything. I feel like telling him that I miss him. Do you think I should?
How can I have my own name and Article on wikipedia?
What exactly is Dragon Ball Kai and how was it produced compared to Dragon Ball and Dragon Ball Z?
My best friend started dating my brother. He wants to break up, and now she doesn't want to be friends with me. Why?
Which is the best book to refer to for the CA final audit and should I refer to a practice manual for audit?
What do Psychopaths think of Donald trump and do any of his behaviors seem familiar?
What genre of games are The Battle Cats and Age of War, and what are some similar games to them?
What is the use of UAN and can I use multiple UAN number?
What is the difference between \u201cascertain\u201d and \"find out\" in the following sentences?
For any given country, how can we distinguish between a civil war and a pattern of civil unrest and violence? Who decides when to call it civil war?
My job application status says \"your application is currently on hold, and we will be in contact with you shortly to let you know the next stage of the recruitment process\" - what does this mean?
In I, Claudius 067972477X, Claudius talks about corn shipments. But I believe that corn was domesticated in the New World, and could not have been grown in the Mediterranean or Europe until 1500. Is this right?
What happens when you exchange the black and white antenna cables (main and aux) that attach to the WiFi adapter card in laptops?
How can a ISIS force of 30,000 men and boys hold a city of 1 to 2 million people?
How would you rate Quora's search and matching engine in comparison to Google search?
What was the significance of the battle of Somme, and how did this battle compare and contrast to the Battle of Bale?
What is the weirdest and incredible thing you have ever found?
How do I take a TV show and put it onto a CD?
I didn't study well in my 11th and 12th grade. I regret that now. I am in engineering and I want to study hard. Does my past matter? How can I cope with the feelings of regret?
What is Error 404 and why does it carry that number?
If the tooth profile of Pinion is given, how do you draw the conjugate and complementary profile for a gear tooth of Rack?
What ist the difference Between da and Dort in German language?
What are the five characteristics of money, and how do they relate to its functions?
Is it better to love and lose or never to love?
Is there any dissonance between supporting classical liberalism and the right of a corporation to engage in electioneering?
I have applied for re-issue of Indian PAN Card online and digitally signed the application, do I need to send supporting documents physically again?
If a guy told his liar girlfriend after a fight in anger, \u201cWe are no longer together,\u201d and to this she replied, \u201cI will find a better one than you,\u201d do you think she really loves that guy?
If we were to go back 25 years in time and redesign Internet then what would the scientists do differently?
How do I describe the relationship between velocity and kinetic energy in this graph?
What is a suitable inpatient drug and alcohol rehab center in Hall County GA?
What is the best air freshener to get a true and accurate \"new car smell\"?
What is the first answer and question on Quora and who answered it?
What are the most balanced and interesting board games for 2 players?
What des Donald Trump reeally feel about the Neo Nazis and the kKK? Why have reporters not asked hm about this?
What is the difference between subjective and objective responsibility in international law?
Could the US defeat Russia and China in the 3rd war?
What will be the effect of banning 500 and 1000 Rs notes on the Indian economy?
What is the difference between Arduino and an embedded system and how are they related?
If I block someone on Instagram and send them a message and then unblocked them. Will they be able to view my message?
Where can I e-file Form 1065 and Schedules K-1 for free?
What were the most creative, successful and daring intelligence operations by Japan after 1980?
Where can I get good quality cupcakes and a lot of different flavor in Gold Coast?
Why do people keep pitting superheroes from DC and Marvel universes together and ask who would win?
Did Japan and Italy know what Germany was doing to the Jews, and if so, why did they still agree to join the Axis Powers?
What should be the study plan for an SSC CGL 2017 (Pre.) and the Mains if I have a year to prepare?
What manga would you recommend that has a soft art style and is similar to Machida-kun no Sekai?
What are the strongest majors in terms of job prospects and what are the weakest majors at Claremont McKenna College?
What are some of the best UX educational resources (including universities and colleges/cegeps located) in/around Montr\u00e9al or Qu\u00e9bec?
If I saw a crime being perpetrated and I didn't report it, could I go to jail?
What are the pros and cons of being a porn star?
Can I earn money with Uber/Ola without driving on my own and also without attaching my own car?
What are the main imports and exports of Venezuela, and how does Venezuela's industry compare to Aruba's?
What are good hacks and tips for exercise, fitness and working out?
Is it OK if I'm 10 year girl old and I'm friends with benefits with a 15 year old boy?
Why isn't CRISPR used to just edit and change those genes that confer a high risk like BRCA1 and BRCA2?
When a person puts in a lot of effort towards becoming a very rich man, and then eventually gives away the bulk of his wealth to charity, does it mean that his earlier effort was a waste from his perspective?
What is the difference between Tarzan and Mowgli for a complete noob?
What are the pros and cons of the Union and Railway budget 2015?
My dating life made me depressed and feel hopeless I took Prozac and started to feel better. It's been 4.5 weeks and now feel a bit hopeless. Why?
Do the siren /alarm sound/noise of ambulance, police, fire engine and doctors need to be so loud? I understand that they need to grab the attention. I am a very sensitive person and the loudness of the noise tests my tolerance levels. What can I do about it?
Who should play the role of Hillary and Bill Clinton if a movie is made of the life of Hillary?
Do I have to get through the GRE and TOEFL if I want to pursue courses like fashion designing and music from foreign universities?
Did any counties know about the holocaust and did nothing to help them?
I'm in love with a guy. He's my first love. When I told this to him he said we can remain friends. But 2 weeks ago he called me and told me never to contact him ever again. He didn't give me any reason. How do I move on?
What are some good sauces and spices to eat on ramen?
Why do political terms last 4 years and where does this idea come from?
Which is the best Javascript framework in terms of documentation, easiness to learn and performance: Angular.js, Backbone.js, Ember.js, or Batman.js?
How do I get over someone I have known my own life. I dated him for 5 years plus and I dont know what to do, we are still talking but will that work?
Is there any way to join in TCS ITIS and turn up as a database administrator?
What if you are last normal human in planet and you most favourite superhero is last hero too how would you do?
Can a twin be both fraternal and identical when the egg splits and fertilized by two different sperms?
What are the most interesting products and innovations that Wisconsin Energy is coming out with in 2016?
I did not clear the NID entrance test, though I consider myself relatively smart. My self esteem is crushed and now I don't think I can ever crack it. Should I change my stream?
I have completed my B.E. in civil and I am planning to do a master's in management (engineering). What differences in terms of work and salary is there in comparison to construction management and structural engineering?
Does Reliance Jio 4G VoLTE means it will consume the higher amount of data for voice calls and 5 GB will be too less, even incoming will cost data?
What does Germany look like, and how does its geography compare to Norway's?
When women see an attractive man, what do they think and how do they react? In comparison, what do men think and how do men react when they see an attractive woman?
If Modi ji is so serious to eradicate corruption and black money, why is his government blocking the Jan Lokpal Bill passed by the Delhi Assembly?
How can I make website designer and change his line I donig email marketing?
Where is the Baraka River located, and how does it compare to the Murray River?
What are the answers to \"introduce yourself\" and \"tell me something about yourself\" questions for a fresher?
How do you get good at tidying and decorating a room?
How can I be rich in a poor and corruped country?
I am stuck with physical chemistry in college: the concept and the maths are difficult. What can I do?
Gyms and Workout Facilities: When I gain weight, it goes straight to my butt and thighs. What is the best way to work these areas?
What is the reason behind demonetising 1000 rupee notes and introducing a 2000 rupee note?
Do I have any scope in Digital Marketing as I am M.E completed and not having MBA degree, ? If yes, then what should be the steps?
Which is best headphones with good bass and sound clarity and loud audio around 3000 rs?
What is a good inpatient drug and alcohol rehab center in Manatee County FL?
Do we have enough medicine and technology to stop doing science?
What are the things about money and finances that one must know?
I am 25 year old female, my height is 5 ft and weight is 42 kg. what should be my ideal weight and what diet should I follow to gain it?
Will a MFIN in Canada get me a job in risk/product control (qual: B.E in Mech Eng and M.Tech in Energy and likely to get GARP's ERP certificate soon)?
Why are there so many crimes being committed by Islamic militants? What is with the hate between the West and Islam? Have we gone overboard with obsession with religion?
What is your review of Packers and Movers Services in India?
What are the fundamental assumptions, constants, major constraints and points of contention in the broader paradigm of modern physics theory?
How do Elon Musk's way of thinking and process of learning different than ours?
If a player gets injured in IPL while playing the match, and he can't play one or two matches, then how much money will he get?
Who is the worst actor and actress to win an Oscar?
In python coding, what does \"int\" do and how do I use it in my coding?
Why does the earth revolve around the sun clockwise and counterclockwise around itself?
What are the exact differences between the Snapdragon 820 and Exynos 8890 chips on the Samsung Galaxy S7? What would be better in multiple scenarios?
What are the advantages and disadvantages of oil as an energy source?
I have a colleague who is very self righteous, asks too many questions, very competitive and annoys me with her constant comparisons. How do I deal?
How do you function when every little thing seems to go horribly wrong and it makes you lose your mind but you have to go through the day?
Whenever I eat spicy food, my scalp starts to itch and also when I go out in sun. why so?
Which is better, caste based reservation or abolition of caste system and reservations based on financial conditions?
What are the most interesting products and innovations that Big Lots is coming out with in 2016?
What is the difference between a normal paper and a paper used for making currency notes?
What are the gaps in your recovery plan and how do you find them?
He said I could tell him anything. But when I did, he just kept quiet and didn't give me any respond. What is he thinking?
If a Psychiatrist diagnosed both senior citizen candidates Donald Trump and Hillary Clinton, would they both be narcissistic, pathological or worse?
If I stick my fingers through somebody's eyes and then wiggle them around to kind of mush up their brain, will that be enough to kill them?
What are the advantages and disadvantages of series and parallel connections?
Can I get rid of myopia if I am having -3 number in my left eye and -3.5 in my right eye with cylindrical power naturally?
I am an MBA HR student from SIBM Pune. I am in my 2nd year and placements start in 2 months. How should I prepare for my final placements?
What are the best tools and apps for business development people?
Could a 26-year-old man migrate to the USA, become a citizen, and join the US Army as a soldier? If yes, what would be the processes he should take?
What are the most interesting products and innovations that Rockwell Medical Tech is coming out with in 2016?
How will the whole Hillary Clinton pneumonia and 9/11 stumbling video exposure affect her in the polls over the next few weeks?
Can an economy achieve low unemployment, low inflation and economic growth at the same time?
What's a better language learning program for Mandarin and Cantonese: Rosetta Stone or Pimsleur?
What is the reason for the drop in petrol and diesel prices in India?
Indian History now divided in two forms. Post Independence and post Demonitization. A new chapter?
Do jury verdicts in trials like those of Aakash Dalal, Dharun Ravi and Peter Liang demonstrate that jury trials are outdated in a diverse America?
Manners and Etiquette: If I invited you over to my house, and offered you food & drink, and you declined, is that rude?
How do I overcome dreams of snakes and what does it mean to dream about snake?
What is the difference between printf and scanf in the C language?
What is the difference between undergraduate, graduate and postgraduate? Are they all different between the U.S. and India?
Is it wise to think of IIM now? I lost two years in between 12th and Engineering and I have just started working with a good company since 4 months?
What could be the possible conversation between humans and aliens on their first meeting?
Is there a tool to upload photos to Facebook page, Twitter, and a Google+ business page simultaneously from a mobile device?
What is the difference between Vodka and a regular beer except for the alcohol percentage?
Why does my ex boyfriend still willing hug and kiss me on the lips whenever we part after meeting up?
How much difference is there between 91 and 93 octane gasolines?
How are liberals, conservatives and libertarians all related in their goals?
For a youngish couple making about  dollar 210K, and with a baby, what is it like moving and living in Boulder, CO?
Can someone be depressed and not know it? If so, why is this so?
How would you maximize your trading gain if you have a one-time superpower and know that S&P 500 would close at a certain point on a certain day?
What Is the difference between armed forces and paramilitary forces of India?
Are Jennifer Lawrence, Sherlock Holmes, and Tony Stark good role models? Why or why not?
Is it true that upcoming 500 and 2000 rupees note have NGP chip inside them?
I'm In a relationship and I have a crush on another person and I found out that he likes me and asked if I was single. What should I do?
How will the government of India and government of Assam deport illegal Bangladeshis?
Which I have to take, CAT or GATE? I have 9.5gpa and confused of those both, which to join?
You have one year to go anywhere you want and do anything for free. What do you do and where do you go?
Who are some lesser known important historical figures of Serbia and what should people know about them?
Is dengue a communicable disease and how can it be prevented?
What are the scopes in mountaineering in India and which institute is best?
How do the properties of arithmetic compare and contrast to those of geometry?
What it was like to grow up in Bihar when Lalu and later his wife ruled the state?
I touch my female friend around her waist, bottom and touch her thigh and inner thigh, and never pulls away. She's in a relationship, is she interested in me?
What are some good poems and stories that you yourself have written?
Why are teams other than Real Madrid and Barcelona not so popular in Spain, in comparison with England?
What is a suitable inpatient drug and alcohol rehab center near Williamson County IL?
How do subsidies affect developing nations and the developed nation's economy?
People say you shouldn't marry when your in your 20s and you should party, but I think that's a waste of time. When should one think of marriage?
Is there a relationship between charge and mass? Why can't charge exist without mass?
Can we work simultaneously on web server and local server through a single application project?
What are the best books and websites that we can learn English Grammar?
What are the health risks of vaping, smoking cigarettes, and smoking other forms of tobacco?
Is Australia a good place to move if you are an American and disagree with Obama's politics?
What is the main difference between classification problems and regression problems in machine learning?
Did I get high at all when a car drove by me and someone blew pot smoke out the window?
I'm building a website which is essentially just a search engine for a database of 'profiles', a search box and AJAX D search results displayed in a table. How do I get the database content indexed?
What if AB de Villiers was an Indian and played for the Indian cricket team?
How do I get more IP and RP on my PBE account?
Why do we love the people who hurt us and hurt the people who love us?
Is there a correlation between body wear out and number of sexual intercourse?
Want to buy Royal Enfield Classic 350 for Touring and City Rides. Is my choice right?
After an onsite interview at Google, are packets or packages for all candidates prepared and sent to the hiring committee, or will a recruiter potentially not move forward?
What are some examples of endangered species in the tropical rainforest, and how do these differ from those in semi arid deserts?
Why is it that only electric monopoles exist and not magnetic monopoles?
I have a small CRM app to store customer information that I built myself. I want to integrate my existing phone to the app so that I can know who is calling and how many times they called. I have seen this working at many restaurants. Has anyone tried this in-house before?
I posted my passport to the Canadian embassy since mid December and I haven't heard from them. Are they allowed to have my passport that long?
I have got job offer from one decent start-up and one from SRI-Noida. Which should I join for my Career growth?
How do I start a courier service deal with Amazon, Flipkart, Snapdeal and Blue Dart, in my area - Chennai, India?
My mom won't listen to me when I tell her over and over that I am not transgender. What should I do?
Are there any techniques to incite and/or induce a fruit tree into blooming and yielding out of season? If so, what is it/are they?
What are the most interesting products and innovations that Federal Signal is coming out with in 2016?
I will develop a website using PHP. Which is the best and cheapest hosting and domain name provider in India?
How can I improve my English vocabulary, grammar, reading, speaking and writing skills without paying any fee?
Who is that Great Yogi, Since \"\"YOU\"\" have been seen in your Life and experience Of Great bliss or Power?
What are the most interesting products and innovations that Charming Shoppes is coming out with in 2016?
What is a suitable inpatient drug and alcohol rehab center near Treutlen County GA?
My Codeblocks is not finding any error and showing the black console window on build and run. What should I do?
What are some of the most inspirational and succinct bible quotes?
Being a Tamil, Subramanian Swamy is doing all the things against Tamil people and Tamilnadu. What is your opinion about him?
What is it like to be gay and also a devout evangelical Christian?
What are some interesting features of the new 500 and 2000 rupees notes issued by RBI?
Discuss in detail the appropriate body language including posture and outfits an individual should maintain during an interview session?
How can China be Communist and still have an ultra-rich class?
Is there a good radio advertising agency in Indore that can help me to book a radio ad and also suggest the best radio stations available?
What is it called when someone ignores all the warning signs and the discomfort of their own instincts and proceeds doing something anyway?
Can I download Microsoft office onto an external hard drive and still use it if it is not on my laptops hard drive?
What is the best way to stop hair loss and regrow hair again if my age is between 25-30?
I have interest in learning Arabic in an Arabic speaking country like Egypt, Saudi and the Emirates for the purpose of reading and understanding the holy Quran. What are some suggestions from Muslims?
Where is the Baraka River located, and how does it compare to the Columbia River?
When should I add salt and pepper when I cook a beef steak?
Which DB DBA course is best for future and has many job opportunities?
If I replace my HDD with an SSD and put the HDD in the DVD drive, how can I preserve the boot?
Is there a way to get admission in Massachusetts Institute of Technology on scholarship and what is the way to get into M.Tech in the mechanical branch?
What are the top ten religions and what is the holy book for each religion?
As a police officer, if you were speeding without your lights on (and not on a call) and someone was driving behind you at the same speed, would you give them a ticket?
How do I attract international solar energy companies to open a branch in India and let me be the country manager? Do I need to invest financially or are my professional background and human resources enough?
Can you watch Swagbucks videos on your laptop and cell phone simultaneously, or would you get banned?
What is the relationship between serotonin and a negative ion of oxygen?
What is an iHome? How was it developed and what is its function?
If you were to take a newborn baby from prehistoric times (say, 10,000 years ago), and raised him/her in modern times, would this child grow up to be like us?
What is the scope of industrial engineering and operation research of iitb?
I want to go to Costa Rica for a year and I don't speak Spanish. Is the Costa Rican accent easy to learn?
What are the best books and websites for studying computer networking?
How do I learn the law and ethics paper for the CMA foundation exam?
I have very basic acoustic guitar and music skills. I want to improve my guitar skills and learn how to sing and play keyboard. How should I start?
Which is the best book for data structures and algorithms for beginers?
Is the right to vote and to be elected a legal right in India?
What are the various non-tech companies that visit N.S.I.T for placements and what is the skill set that they are looking for in a person?
How good is the total compensation of SGD 12,500/month (including base, bonus and stocks) for an engineer with 3.5 years of experience working in Singapore?
What are some difference between Obama and Trump's recent reddit AMA's?
Which blind spots does the Islam have or propagate, project, propel and propaganda for/towards the Dalits?
How much is the pension or salary for ex US president and what are some of perks she/he may receive?
When you hear Muslim names behind almost all terror attacks in India and the world, share your feelings, religious discussion not allowed?
Do all national servicemen in Singapore have to learn how to kill snakes and chickens personally during their Basic Military Training?
Which are the best Drug or Alcohol Rehab, Detox and Recovery Program Centers in the San Bernardino County California area?
Can someone give a consolidated list of good companies and startups to which an engineering graduate can apply?
The total number of verses in the Bhagavad Gita is 700 but the chapter verses are different in ch1 and ch13. It is 47+34 in one and 46+35 in the other. The rest of the chapters have the same number of verses, so which one is correct and why?
In machine learning algorithms, why is sigmoid function used primarily and not functions like tanh(x)? In tanhx for eg. seem to split y-axis evenly and flatten out fast as x approaches +/- infinity. The range being: sigmoid [0-1] and tanh(x) [-1,1].
Is there any truth about Dr. Royal Rife and his cure for cancer?
How is the Lenovo 500S-13ISK Ideapad with i3 and 4GB ram? I need it for uni stats research (using R).
Why is FYROM trying to steal Greek history and the heritage of Alexander the great?
What the differences and similarities between LDA and k-means for topic detection?
Which is a good inpatient drug and alcohol rehab center in Guthrie County IA?
Which tie colour should I wear with black suit and a maroon shirt (dark wine)?
My face colour is brownish and I want white face colour. How to get it at home?
If your partner (who does not live with you) was staying over for the week and invited his/her friends over without asking you, would this bother you?
Is it unhealthy to work at night and sleep during the day?
Which is a suitable inpatient drug and alcohol rehab center in Lee County KY?
What is a suitable inpatient drug and alcohol rehab center near Lee County IL?
What songs can you listen to over and over and not get tired of?
How many Number of classes and packages used in Android SDK?
How would theists react if they found out that God doesn't exist and how would atheists react if they found out that God does exist?
Can ELF (extremely low frequency) radio waves travel in universe (even in plasma zones) and farther until reaching the farthest zones in universe?
Is it safe to withdraw from alcohol and smoking at the same time?
Why was Newport State Airport in Rhode Island built, and how does the number of daily flights compare to MIA?
Why is it natural for the world call Australia FM a Bitch and Philippine President call the U.S. President a \"son of Bxxxx\"?
Could Australia become a superpower? If so, what political, economic, diplomatic and social steps would it take to become one?
Should I raise a petition in Change.org for giving Group B Status and making Grade Pay of all Senior Section engineers in Indian Railways as 4800?
What might be the reason why I am 6 weeks pregnant and am already showing a bulge?
How can I study maths when it's already October of 12th and I don't know a thing about it?
Is there any books that would be recommended for college students about resume building and career advice for those with no to minimal experience?
I am the only child (24 years old) to my parents. Sometimes I feel like it would have been great if I had a sibling and now it's too late for that. Lots of pressure for a single child. What to do?
Recruiter reached out to me but missed the appointment. I emailed back and call but no response. Should I complain on employer site or social media?
Is QOD the first time Dubner and Altucher have worked together?
Can Non Sikh wear Karas (steel bangles) that Sikh men and women traditionally wear? Is it intrinsically a Sikh tradition?
How do I find forces in the sections CD,CJ and KJ,using method of sections?
Just got out of a 1 year relationship and it hurts, how can I feel better?
Why does an answer get upvotes in the thousands and another answer despite being good gets only 5-10 upvotes?
How are the problem sets in CS 109 similar to, and different from, working as an actual data scientist?
Are rental cars still not allowed to be used for Uber and Lyft? How could I drive for Uber if I don\u00b4t own a car?
Human Physiology: What is the pathophysiology of carpopedal spasms and their relation to hypocalcemia and hyperventilation? (Hoping for detailed molecular-biology level specifics)
What does one mean by a \"polarized verdict\" and why are we expecting a polarized verdict in 2014 Indian general elections?
Which is the most strongest and lightest metal in the earth?
What is the longest roller coaster in the United Kingdom and how does it compare to the longest roller coaster in Sweden?
What is my vocal type? I\u2019m a male and my vocal range is A2-C6?
Will Trump ever disavow Richard B. Spencer and his National Policy Institute?
I am gay, and I'm looking for true love and a partner. How and where do I start?
What are the environmental impacts of the tourism industry and how does it negatively impacted Istanbul?
Would it be clever for the Syrian Kurdish PYD to let the Free Syrian Army and ISIS fight it out in this so-called 'safe zone', then fight the weakened victor in order expand Rojava?
Where can I get low cost pet bottles and pet jars in Bangalore quickly?
Where is Mount Villarica located and how does its eruptive history compare to Mount Taal?
What is the difference among frigates, destroyers and corvettes in naval warfare?
In economics, how can the opportunity cost and the marginal cost be simply separated?
Who will win the 4th match between North East United and FC Goa in Hero Indian Super League 2016?
Why doesn't the Quora app introduce an option to \"save and read offline\" like the Wikipedia app has?
What is the difference between tf-idf and Delta tf-idf from the formula?
What are better racing games than NFS and where can I get them?
Have you ever taken revenge? How and why did you take it?
Alternate Histories (Hypothetical Historical Scenarios): How would the economic and political world be impacted if the USSR never declined?
Why is it legal to sell your hair, and illegal to sell your kidney, it saves life?
What is the best way to write a short and simple resignation letter?
I get extremely angry when people think everything has a meaning, I'm HFA and often do things without any meaning, what can I do?
What was Stalin\u2019s 5 year plan and what were the results of it?
Why is detergent used for dishwashers and dish soap for manual washing?
I'll visit Izmir, which area is the best there for stay and visit? And what do you prefer to visit there and doing there?
What is the difference between Windows 7 and Windows 10. Should I upgrade my Windows 7 to Windows 10?
I am sorry as I have very limited knowledge about Islam but would like to know, apart from preaching Islam and increasing its number, are there any famous Muslims who have been part of big innovation?
How does it feel to hurt someone you love and what is the best way to apologize and make up for your mistake before it's too late?
I want to expand my event business and want to grab big corporates for events . What should I do?
If universe is expanding without a limit and dark and vacuum energy are created as it expands?
What are the most interesting products and innovations that City National is coming out with in 2016?
I have a mixed professional experience (4 Years) in manufacturing Quality and Planning, but I want to transit for Design field (UGNX)! Any Inputs?
What is the office culture and woking at Patanjali office, haridwar?
What are categorical grants and how are they different from block grants?
Is there an inpatient Drug and Alcohol Rehab Center in Alpine County California?
I'm auditioning for Iago in the musical Aladdin and I need a song and a one minute monologue. Any ideas?
Why did he hug me tight, sniff my hair and then kissed me on the cheek?
I am the founder of a startup company. We are into IT, business services and consulting. What should we do to make our business model successful?
What is the difference between Spam and scam? Can anyone explain in own words?
How do I get over one-sided love and just be a friend with her?
What is the difference between an MBA and and a Master's in Management?
I'm feeling exhausted after marriage, and also feeling an insecurity of my life. How can I overcome it?
How much do Bollywood actors and actresses actually earn from their movies?
Internet Piracy: How do people who download pirated music and movies justify their actions?
What is the World Trade Organization and how does it function?
Why does a video message sent from the space ship to the earth takes 19 yrs to reach and 57 yrs to to get reply as seen in the movie Passengers?
Why do Indian married women wear bindi and sindoor on their forehead?
If you send a semi naked picture of your boyfriend's favourite actress and he says it does not turn him on in fact you can see it does not, is it something to be proud of or worried about?
If 20 men do 60 percent of a work in 16 days and 12 women do 30 percent of same work in 15 days then in How many 8 men and 18 women can complete that work?
Will The Flash (Barry Allen) escape flashpoint and go back to original timeline in season 3?
What are the Best examples of Indian brands and their branded content strategy?
If everything is made in China, Central America, Southeast Asia, and South Asia, why haven't those places run out of resources?
Many association football players praise Paul Scholes for his ability to control the game, including Xavi, Iniesta and Zidane. What exactly does Scholes usually do to \"control\" the game?
I haven't spoke to my siblings in nearly 15 years and I feel terrible. How can I mend this and bring my family together?
What is the future scope of a Research Analyst (Mechanical domain) and how the career shapes up in terms of salary as well?
Why do people believe in God and how can they say he/she exists?
How soon would India's GDP cross 10 Trillion USD and India's Per Capita Income cross the 10,000 USD respectively?
What is the average salary and benefits availed by a  Grade B officer in RBI?
Is there someone I could email and help me as my counselor for my education?
What is artificial intelligence and what is the need of it?
Who are some lesser known important historical figures of Portugal and what should people know about them?
Can you be pregnant and have your period 3 weeks later?
Which countries use the popular vote to elect their president and do these examples support the popular vote as a good idea for the U.S.?
My bed broke and now my feet higher than head. Yesterday was the first night slept and I have diarrhea and pain in lower right abdomen. What's wrong?
What is an effective way to control emotion and how do you release your negative emotion?
I took 10 paracetamol yesterday and 22 today. Will I die?
My 17-year-old son keeps unbuttoning his shirt and refuses to rebutton it. He says he likes the rockstar look. What should I do?
Why can't we merge the US Army, Navy, Air Force and Marines into one organization?
How do the Chinese people and Korean people differ in the ways they enjoy tea?
How we can use waste plastics bags and bottles in construction?
I confessed my love to my crush. She rejected and doesn't talk to me after that. Why? Is there any way I can fix this?
It's been 4 months since I asked my crush out after having a crush on her for 9 years and I still haven't forgot her and am unable to get over her. Is there any help?
What is the difference between a dependent economic zone and an independent economic zone?
How can you restore an Apple ID and password without iTunes?
If a war between full cat species and full dog species is waged who will win the battle?
I have confirmed CSE in SRM KTR. I have 132 marks in MIT and would prefer it but counselling will happen after confirmation date for SRM. What now?
What are the strongest majors in terms of job prospects and what are the weakest majors at Claremont Colleges?
Would it be smarter to invest time and money in day-trading or long-term investing?
How do I colorize a old black and white photo that looks like a modern photo?
What are the most unusual and interesting core mechanics in video games?
Is preparing old version of ocajp exam is worthless and will not help in giving exam of newer version?
What would you do, if you were the Uber CEO, to fix the legal and safety issues they currently have?
Which books and websites are recommended to learn about app development for Android and iOS as well as for wearable devices?
What if an alien comes and tells us that the physics we are studying now is infact a primitive approach and we have made mistakes in our basic assumptions?
What are some behaviors Pit Bull and Boxer mix dogs have?
Which all are the things of food and drinking items so that I can remain energetic full day?
If a tree falls in the woods and nobody is there to hear it, does it make a sound?
What are the pros and cons of OS X and Windows OS over each other?
Spelling: Why can't we officially remove silent letters from English words and otherwise make English more consistent?
Who will be CM of Delhi, if AAP wins Punjab elections, and Kejriwal decides to become CM of Punjab in 2017?
Is there any reservation in sliding round of IPU and what if no seat is allotted in sliding round can I retain my seat of 3rd round as?
I got an email from LSLLP about their ROEDA program(Rural and urban online employment in digital assets). Is this a scam?
What type of questions can be expected in an online practical test and two rounds of interviews, for the post of Computer Science engineer at BPCL?
If I start to exercise a lot, stop eating and drinking, will I lose a significant amount of weight in a year?
Why do I feel so sad and sorrowful when I see happy couples?
What is my zodiac sign and what stone should I wear accordingly?
If am exercising more and eating less why am I gaining weight?
What is the difference between scripting languages and programming languages, explained with examples?
Can you easily monitor, analyse and report project portfolio activity, status, and metrics to provide accurate and up-to-date information?
If I touch a contaminated subway handrail (Conjunctivitis), and in my home, touch some doorknobs and light switches, they will be contaminated?
What is BYOD in the classroom and why should I implement it?
Does superfluid dark matter ripple when galaxy clusters collide and wave in double slit experiments?
What are the main differences between a bachelor's and a graduate degree in geography in terms of career prospects?
How do I fix Eliminate render-blocking JavaScript and CSS in above-the-fold content on my website www.techinfoworld.com?
Can I have my own website and use the Amazon FBA service?
In Nazi Germany, what was the difference between the Gestapo and the SS? Was it possible to be a member of both?
How do the Casper, Leesa, Tuft & Needle, and Yogabed mattresses compare to each other?
If you were surrounded by very successful people (in any field) and you could sit with them, what question would you ask them?
What is a PPF account? What are the benefits, tax exemptions and where can we open the account? Provide FAQ\u2019s.
The goal of Buddhism/Hinduism is to get rid of desires/wants and achieve nirvana with the whole self but if someone wants to achieve nirvana, is that not itself a desire/want?
Can you solve Q.19 and Q.20 provided in the picture below?
In cricket, if a fast bowler throws the ball and it bounces off the pitcher in such a way that it goes over the head of the batsman, wicketkeeper and crosses the boundary rope, will it be six or four?
What are some barriers to effective communication in health and social care? How do they affect society?
Which is the best tool to load, performance and stress test a Xmpp server?
Do Polish students learn basics of Probability and Statistics in the high schools (12th class)?
What are police codes and what does police code 215 mean?
Does lymphatic drainage massage really work and assist in weight loss?
Which ride is better and efficient? Ola bike or uber moto?
I have done my graduation in commerce and have an over all experience of 9 years in Training and Operations. How do look for a job abroad?
How to go about evangelizing Big Data technologies and Data Science implementations in traditional companies ?
Why does the Indian government not provide welfare schemes and unemployment benefits for the Indian poor?
Why is the gym busy in June and will it slow down?
I don't use the email that I used for Instagram a while ago and I have forgotten the password, what do I do?
What was the first meme created and what is its purpose?
What are some examples of the formal and informal processes to change the Constitution?
I am 35 years old and my monthly income is 50000. What are the best saving actions available and how much can I contribute per month so that at 58 I would have more than 1 crore in my balance?
Where does the water from the Great Lakes come from, and how does these lakes wildlife compare to Lake Mamry?
What are the different major sects of Islam and what are their differences?
If Kashmir is a part of India, then why does it have its own flag, constitution and penal code? Also, why aren't Indians from other parts of India allowed to live in Kashmir?
What are the best jeans or shorts (brand and styles) for girls with short legs and wide hips?
What are the similarities and differences between the \"Game of Thrones\" and the \"Romance of Three Kingdoms\"?
How do I keep a bad boy interested in me and want me? (im a good girl and tutor him)
As a side business, I am planning to buy a new car and attach it to Uber or Ola. I need guidance and suggestions on what should be the steps to do it?
Who will win the 13th match between Australia and Argentina in the 2016 Kabaddi World Cup?
How do I claim sec 80gg and what are its procedures?
How are the balloons designed and built for the Macy's Thanksgiving Day Parade?
I have not started preparation yet for my 12th boards and the exams are in March 2015. Can I get a good percentage?
What is the ignition temperature and melting temperature of a woven carbon fibre sheet?
What are the pros and cons of not having a sibling?
Every day, I go on the internet for too long, decide that the content is so pointless and dumb, but go back online the next day. What's wrong with me?
How is the climate at Roopkund in May and June? Is there a chance to see snow?
If I walk 20,000 steps daily how much weight will I lose in 2 to 3 months and what are the benefits of walking daily?
Why does ISIS hate the world, and what do they have against us?
What are some unique characteristics of snails, and how do giant African land snails compare to Roman snails?
I worked in the IT industry for 2.7 years and took a break for 2 years from it. Is it possible for me to get back to it?
What is the best itinerary for 3 days and 2 nights in Scotland?
How much money will you have to pay to try each and every combination of Subway sandwiches?
I am planing to apply for PGP in project engineering and management from NICMAR, will it be worth investing my two years in NICMAR?
Why did Japan end its self-chosen isolation in the 19th century and open up to the modernising influence of Western states?
I got selected for PI-WAT for Symbiosis, Pune for BBA and have to prepare a biodata. I don't really know the format of a biodata. How do I write it?
What exactly are w bosons, and how do they turn up quarks into down quarks and vice versa? (Can someone explain to a slightly confused 16 year old?)
Can I pursue a SANS (SysAdmin, Audit, Networking, and Security) course in India? If not, then where?
When should I use the prepositions \"in\" and \"at\" in a sentence about skills (e.g. \"She's good at math\")?
What is a consecutive calendar day and how is it related with the geologic calendar?
I'm an underweight person who is trying to gain some muscle weight. I'm going to the gym and have increased my diet. Should I continue drinking green tea?
Are there computer keyboards with number-pad and arrow-keys on the left?
How will the demonetization of 500 and 1000 rupee notes affect the value of INR against USD?
I am in depression from last 5 years because of my unattractive look and now not able to recover myself from it?
How do I access my youtube account, I have forgot my email and password but I can see my channel?
What is the key role of a starter and a choke in a fluorescent lamp?
Why was Cabaret such a popular musical, and why does it continue to be so influential?
Can you be attracted to someone physically first and then be in love or is it the other way around?
Could injecting food into the body when it needs it and suppressing the feeling of hunger cure obesity?
What are some successful startups (beside Tesla and Dropbox) that did not spend a dime in marketing?
I'm from India. I want to move to a new country and start a new life. Preferably a career in sports. Any ideas?
How has learning new languages helped you perceive the history of the world and more specifically your country differently?
What is common in Alia Bhatt and Rahul Gandhi as far as I.Q. is concerned?
How are peanut butter and jelly sandwiches good for your diet?
Should I message him again and ask how he feels? This happened last week and shouldn't I get a straight up answer even if it's a rejection?
What is it like for an Indian to live and settle down in Japan?
What is conviction of a crime and how is it enforced?
Is there any site avilable through which I can earn Flipkart and Amazon shopping vouchers just working 1-2 hour on weekends?
As a female, how do I increase my arm and shoulder strength using exercises that do not require heavy weights?
What is the difference between mechanical and automation engineering and mechanical engineering?
Is there any evidence that aliens have been discovered here on earth and the government has been keeping it secret from the general public?
What you think, Is bond cleaning and end of lease cleaning the same?
Which are the best resources to learn about TCP/IP and network programming for beginner?
What is your favorite reality TV show and what explains its popularity as a genre?
If we apply for Australian Permanent Residency and our application is rejected, do we get a refund for whatever fees we have paid?
What can I do professionally to help people and earn a living doing it?
Why did not the Republican Congress amend Medicare and the ACA to require drug companies to negotiate prices?
A logic teacher said You don't have a brother and he likes cheese.how is this rational?
I've been talking to a girl for like 2 weeks and a half. We are talking nonstop and I think I fell in love with her.Unlucky, she lives 800km away.HELP?
My career level in Accenture is 11. How will I get promoted, and the salary increment if I work for lifetime?
My girlfriend says she likes me so much but doesn't love me and even doesn't want to lose me. What should I do?
How do I create a few separate income sources that have low overheads in terms of time and energy to enable me to move away from a 9 to 5 grind?
How do I explain the difference between a VC and an Angel Investor to my ten year old?
What are the strongest majors in terms of job prospects and what are the weakest majors at the University of Houston?
How much does Facebook charge for creating and running business pages?
What is a suitable inpatient drug and alcohol rehab center near Boone County IA?
I want to be a professional soccer player. I am 18 and a half now and I will become 19 in November. I feel that I am over aged and can't become a professional soccer player. Can I still become a soccer player?
What are the best games for PCs and laptops using integrated graphics?
Have you ever noticed that people love to take themselves towards pain and sorrow no matter how happy they are now? Why this addiction towards pain?
What are the best UK universities to study economics and business in terms of level?
What is the difference between a paradox and a logical contradiction?
My wife is 59 years old and having fever 100 fegree with cough and cold. Suggest medicines?
Quora users seem like the type to run from fights and also sniff their own farts. Would this be a correct summary?
What were the major contributions of the political leaders during WW1, and how are the compared to the ones during the Paraguay War?
Why do the degrees of freedom you use to calculate variance and other values differ when you are using it in a statistical test and when you are not?
Why am I always so bored and depressed? How can I changed this?
I have completed the theory of all the chapters of 12th std and important ones of 11th . There are 3 months for Jee Mains . How to get 200+?
Should I try to teach my 5- and 2-year-old my second language?
What are the similarities and differences between 19th century indians and 21st century indians?
Do I need to be interested in aviation and take an aviation related course at university to join NASA as an astronaut?
Is the age of consent logical in spite of psychological and other scientific research regarding attraction and human sexual behavior?
I have wasted 4 years of my life and in these 4 years I have done nothing how can I start again and achieve something in my life? I am 23 years old?
What are the Pros and Cons PostgreSQL, PGStrom, Mapd and BlazingDB (one over the other)?
Just by shouting \"Bharat Mata ki Jai\" and \"Vande Mataram\" are we showing our patriotism and loyalty to our country?
Will the State of Israel be remembered as a compassionate, serious and noble member of the international community?
What type of oven is the best for baking cakes and baking flaky puff pastry?
What would happen if I was working and said to my boss I don't want to get paid?
How can I use the fact that I'm a girl to my advantage when applying to U.S and German technical universities (majoring in Computer Engineering)?
My husband is a very negative person. He gets angry soon and try to draw me into his anger by arguing. How to deal with this situation?
I study finance at a CSU. My goal is to get an MBA and work in investment banking. Will an undergrad double major in accounting/finance help me?
How is someone who is fiscally conservative and socially liberal supposed to vote?
How do I differentiate page view, RPM, and CPC details for a blogger site and YouTube in AdSense?
Why do I feel sensual and playful when I am alone?
How do I get the Geolocation of a person in a JSP page and upload that data in a database?
If I borrow 1 million dollars and invest 500k on farm property, and 500k on farming will I be able to pay back the debt and make profit?
Do i stay and lose her or go and miss them?
How can I get gold and food faster in Clash of Kings?
What is the difference between autodesk's revit and robot? Please specific their uses in analysis and design
What are the chemical properties of copper and what makes these properties useful?
Why does he say he likes me and when I say I like him back, he disappear?
Is it true that people born on U.S. military bases that are located outside of the U.S. are not considered natural-born citizens, and are therefore, not eligible to be be President of the United States?
What is the location of Palawan, and how does this Island compare to Aitutaki?
What is the difference between the GC separation technique and the HPLC separation technique? Which one is more effective?
If you have a manager that has not had the experience in your profession as you have had and they will not listen to you input, how would you remedy the situation?
What is the difference between logical thinking and logical reasoning? Are they interchangeable?
I have 3 yrs of experience as software tester.I want to learn BIG DATA and hadoop course. What are the career opportunities and scopes after it?
Why do we not use the sign of degree in Kelvin but use on Fahrenheit and Centigrade although they all are the measurements of temperature?
How do cock rings work, and why would someone use one?
How will banning of Rs 500 and Rs 1000 notes affect the Indian stock market?
How are brands and retailers leveraging user-generated content to drive sales and increase customer engagement both digitally and in-store?
Why after a earthquake do heavy rain and storms happen? What is the connection between them?
Can UV damaged plastic be recycled at lower energy and input cost than all new plastic?
What can cause a dog to throw up and how do you treat it?
Who are the bottom 20 percent worst programmers and what are they working on?
Which are the best companies doing motion graphics and product demo videos in Mumbai?
I want to start off in the stream of data science. How do I start off? What all softwares and technologies should I be aware of? I'm a BE computer engineer. How do I go about it?
Who are the major Facebook shareholders and what percentage of the company do they own after the WhatsApp acquisition?
I would like to make a website for my collegiate club. The main aim of the website is to make announcements and to publish projects (PDF files) so that everyone can download them and make the best use of them. I have no knowledge in programming. How can I create this with minimal or no cost?
Do you think psychiatrist go home and talk about an interesting or disturbed patients \"shrink session and situation(s)\" with their significant others, even though it is against the law to do so?
What is change in volume with respect to change in pressure at constant tempreture and vice versa for incompressible fluid of given unit mass?
Is this possible to hack WhatsApp chats and conversations on the latest update of WhatsApp?
How often do you not answer the phone, and if so why don't you answer it?
What are some creative ideas for brother and sister Halloween matching costumes?
How do Ola Cabs, Uber cabs, Meru cabs, and Taxi For Sure earn profit by giving free rewards and cheap costs per kilometer?
I feel like my thoughts are so loud that the people around me can hear them. I make really vivid pictures in my mind and feel like those are being beamed out and sent to people around me too. How do I prove to myself that this isn't happening?
Which book is the best for maths and science for class 10 (CBSE)?
Should we buy a house in Pacifica, CA? What is it like to live there and what considerations should we account for?
What are some of the best and worst things about living in Colorado, USA?
How do I get a job as a data analyst and what course should we learn?
What is the scope for building technology and building sciences masters degree in architecture?
How do I invest in the stock market and make a profit even if I monitor my investments only occasionally?
What are the most common traffic convictions in Arkansas, and how does the severity of the convictions differ in Arizona?
I am new to programming but I find Python boring. I find Ruby, Java and C++ much more interesting. Should I ditch python and learn a new language?
What Brand of Inverter Split units are marketed in the Caribbean and which are the leading brands by consumer preference?
Who has ever successfully got their demands and escaped from the police in a hostage situation?
What is the difference between an IVP and a CT scan? What about between a non-contrast CT scan and a contrast CT scan? What are the pros and cons of each?
Why do physicists make no distinction between sunlight, daylight, electric light, and light rays? Why are these considered to be the same phenomenon?
If we are installing apps with our number and otp code, can the app company block us from using their app in future?
How do I buy a fake passport and social security card?
What is the difference between industrial engineering and industrial & systems engineering?
Where can I get reliable and trustworthy electrical services at Alexandria?
I am choosing an MBA program in Australia, and trying to decide between La Trobe, Deakin, and RMIT. Which has the best business rep?
How do I apply to Masdar Institute of Science and Technology? Are there any tips you can provide?
Why is it not a double bond between carbon and oxygen in carbon monoxide?
I feel some people are just Happy souls. They are always happy and prospering. What is the secret behind their such attitude?
What are the untold and strange stories of World War 2?
What is the academic pressure and workload like at UMass, Boston?
What do I need to get my automotive blog noticed, spread around and published at some point, any suggestions?
What is the deepest lake in Europe, and how does this lake's flora and fauna compare to that of Lake Edward?
Which car brand has the highest and lowest maintenance cost among Audi, Mercedes-Benz, BMW and Jaguar in India?
How did the Titanic float and how long did it take to sink and why?
Are the exemplary characters of Hindu, Egyptian, and Christian mythology real gods or man-made gods?
What is the cheapest and easiest to recycle type of plastic?
With Rdio entering the Indian music streaming market in January 2015, how far can Spotify and Google Play music be? Why is it taking them so long?
What is a suitable inpatient drug and alcohol rehab center near Echols County GA?
Is there a difference between Jewish communities and Jewish believers in Jesus?
How do I prepare for the Amazon online assessment and interview? What are the topics I should cover for the online assessment?
What are considered to be flying aces and how many were Canadian?
Can I do my MBBS in a college like BMC or KMC and then do an MD in AIIMS?
I want to build a custom desktop, spend 1000 dollar  and use it for CAD. Could you give me some suggestions?
What is the definition/use of the enable and disable function in Visual Basic?
What is the significance of Rahu Kaalam and why is it considered important with respect to Indian culture?
What are the most effective and indirect ways of flirting with a girl?
Does Congress pay the rent and the utilities for the White House?
What would happen to human civilization if time travel was invented and made available for public use (like a form of public transport)?
Is it a good approach: getting the backend and REST API done then the front end?
What do the different electric guitar effects mean, and how to use them to get the tone you want?
Was there really much difference between a Christian and a Pagan in ancient times and what would be some examples?
Will it be a problem if a friend deposits 4 lakhs in my savings bank account and I don't have a source of income to show?
How is wind energy classified, and how does it differ from other energies?
What's the difference between \"unequal\" and \"inequal\", as well as \"unbalanced\" and \"imbalanced\"?
What are the herbal remedies, and what is each one for?
Why do some districts have a city police commissioner and a rural SP when there is only one district collector?
What fixed amount, cut of ticket sales and pay-per-views, do boxers and MMA fighters make from different types of fights?
Is there a way to preserve rust and stop out from rubbing off on to clothing?
My boyfriend was acting weird. I invaded his privacy and went through his phone, and I found infidelity. Should I call her, tell him I know, or just say nothing?
Which is the best book to study electromagnetic fields and theory for third year electrical engineering student?
Why do people feel insulted and seek for revenge after being rejected?
What is your average day like and what do you do?
Can I declare myself a non smoker while buying an LIC term plan and later change this to smoker? If yes would I need to pay extra premium?
What is the best food to eat before and after going to the gym?
How do the Jews perceive, feel, understand, view, believe, and opine, about the Dalits, Shudras, and Dasa?
Kurdish Ethnicity and People: Why are the Kurds and Israel so close?
Why does Vietnam look much more modern and developed than India?
What would happen, short- and long-term, if all countries opened their borders?
They say extra-terrestrial beings/life don't exist. I'm not so convinced and I can tell some others aren't either. Who's right?
How much money has the U.S. Congress and Senate spent investigating Hillary Clinton, and what has the country gained from these investigations?
What mistakes have you made in dating and how did you learn from them?
Which digital currency other than Bitcoin should a person buy and what is the rationale for your choice(s)?
If you had five years to travel the world to learn and improve yourself where would you go?
How does Quora finance itself and where does it get it's revenue from?
Why are some Singapore guys so athletic and good-looking? Is it because of national service training?
Motorola will Launch Moto G5 and G5 Plus in March 2017?
Why are some fire trucks yellow and why are some red?
How it feels when you call a Service start-up to order and a IITan answers the phone to help you?
I've just met competitive programming and I loved it. There will be an ACM-ICPC regional challenge in 3 months and I really want do to well. In which way can I train to maximize my learning?
Can I mix coconut oil with mustard oil and castor oil to apply on my scalp?
Can I take a 3 month vacation from my software engineering job after working for 2 years and get a job in another company easily when I come back?
I got placed in the campus recruitment from Wipro and Cognizant on October 7. I got an offer letter from Wipro and the joining date is from January to March. Should I join Wipro or wait for the Cognizant offer letter?
What should be my approach and CAT percentile to get into IIMs?
What is the most accurate method to calculate human resource effort and the budget required to deliver a Project?
On Property Brothers, Love It or List It, Fixer Upper and other HGTV shows, how true is the cost of the renovation to what it would be sans the show?
What is the major difference between Jmeter and Gatling tool, apart from the language where Jmeter uses Java and Gatling uses Scala. Which is the better one for performance testing?
Can someone who was very bad at math and science in school become very good at web programming?
Will NonMuslims in India plight of the Arab Christians and Yazidis if India attains a Muslim majority either wholly or in large parts of the country?
What would happen if all the laws and rules were not applicable for a day?
What are some cafes in Tokyo that have a study like environment and I can sit there as long as I want?
Is it a good option to  pursue Master's in Cosmetic Science and Technology after completing B.tech Biotech?
When you are in a relationship do you think its ok or right for your partner to talk and or associate with the opposite sex on a daily basis even sometimes more than they do with you?
What is the academic pressure and workload at New Jersey Institute of Technology like?
Can I write exams in two different courses indifferent college and their time table not fight each other?
My JEE Mains score is 52 (gen category) and my board percentage is 50 percent (Maharashtra board). What rank will I get and will I get into a good college for CSE?
Why there is ionic bond in liquid HCL and covalent bond in gas HCl?
Will companies outsource their corporate social responsibility and charity activities to other organizations?
I didn't study well in first year of my BE CSE. My cgpa is low and i am sure i will not be placed from college. What should I do now?
I'm confused between Wipro Technologies and Mindfire Solutions. Which one is better to join as Fresher?
What are the different types of physics and what is and example of it in astronomy
What do if I forget my user id and password of forex card HDFC?
What is the cutoff for BITSAT 2016, and the expected cutoff for 2017?
What will be the impact of FED rate hike on BSE and NSE? What are various reasons for such impact?
I'm attempting to record myself at home and it's frustrating. What can I do to make this easier for me and quick?
What is the best way to study histology and pathology for a student who fails at rote learning?
I have an offer from Nvidia, Apple and Rubrik. Which of them is a better option?
How do dogs perceive humans and the world around them? What do they think humans are?
Who would win in a dog and a wolf fight? Why?
Why did only humans develop such high levels of awareness and intelligence compared to all other species on earth?
Since hell exists in the Marvel universe, if a supervillian dies and comes back to life does that count as fleeing the country to avoid punishment?
What is the personality traits for a Siamese cat and are they ideal pets for families with children? Why?
Why did God throw Satan to earth and then put us here as well?
What are some of the most strange and unusual habits you have (you can go anonymous if you wish to)?
What are some unusual and improvised and unique weapons to use in a fight?
I have a warehouse and want to use a mold and make something. What should I sell?
What are the advantage and disanvantages associated with series and parallel connections of lights on a Christmas tree?
Does IIIT Bhubaneswar accept JEE Main marks or rank, if marks that I got 161 in Mains and I am an outside Orrisa OBC candidate. Can I get it?
Is it possible for an app to be installed and resident on an Android phone and be invisible/hidden in the app settings screen?
Why do Indian Muslims have empathy towards Palestine killings and share posts on social media but don't share a single post about the unrest in Kashmir?
What is the reaction of sodium carbonate and acetic acid? How does this reaction occur?
What is the difference between a parametric model and a nonparametric model in CAD?
What is the Two Nation Theory and how was it proposed?
Why aren't war trophies and \"bringbacks\" allowed in the US military?
How do I require smart card and fingerprint for Bitlocker in Windows 10?
How much money as Rs 500 and Rs 1000 one can exchange at banks and post office maximum?
What are the best books for Mathematics (Conceptually and Numerically) to prepare for GATE exam?
What happens to the equilibrium price and quantity using demand and supply curves when hot weather causes demand for ice cream to increase?
What are the causes of boredom and the best practice to get rid of it psychologically?
If you have a square box filled with two layers of chocolate squares and you eat all 20 pieces in the upper layer along the wall, how many are left in the box? Is there a graphical way to set this up or a math equation? Not only what is the answer and how do you get it, but how do you approach problems like this from a mathematician's mindset?
Where can I get most customized and & personalized wedding cakes at Gold Coast?
Which is a suitable inpatient drug and alcohol rehab center in Stephens County GA?
What are the pros and cons of banning 500 and 1000 rupee notes in India?
I know a little bit of JavaScript HTML and CSS. Do I just learn AngularJS?
What are the similarities and differences between a cylinder and a cone?
I feel like I'm getting over my crush. This feeling came upon me randomly yesterday out of the blue. I would just think of him and no emotion would come up. Then I would, and I would like him. And I don't want to get over him because I kind of still have feelings. Is this some kind of emotional mind game thing I'm doing with myself?
What is it about Drake? Why is he so famous and considered such a good artist? I just don't get it.
Why has RBI introduced new Rs 2000 Rupee note and not Rs 1000 Rupee note?
How does one speak to a Vodafone customer care executive quickly? I'm sick and tired of waiting and listening to the same monotonous IVRS!!
Could you please recommend some media and cultural consumption PhD research topics for me?
Why should not buy Mi Max and tell a best alternative for that?
Economics: A small slope (a number close to zero) means that a demand curve is relatively flat and that a change in one variable greatly correlates with a change in another. Is that true?
What are your religious beliefs and why do you hold these beliefs?
Some battery powered gadgets require 2 AA batteries, some 4 AA batteries, and some require AAA batteries instead. How do they determine what type of battery is required and how much voltage is required?
I have a 2.8 GPA but I love school and have a very strong work ethic. How can I get into a good college?
Why is it important to present yourself and your organization positively to your client?
Is it at all possible that people will actually get a shot at using the rafts and life jackets on board a crashing aircraft?
What is a suitable inpatient drug and alcohol rehab center near Miller County AR?
My boyfriend put his penis in me and took it out, this was about 3 weeks ago. I'm on the pill and scared I'm pregnant still?
What is the difference between a company with one founder and one co-founder and a company with two co-founders?
How much should be my percentile and scores in AIMCATs at this time?
What are the environmental impacts of the tourism industry and how has it negatively impacted Prague?
How do you know if you are just shy and introverted or if you have social anxiety?
How do i make an Adult behave and act like an child in the sims 3?
How can I send original high quality photos on WhatsApp and avoid sending automatically compressed photos?
When I am trying to add an account to my mail in Nokia Asha 502, it is showing \"verifying email settings\" and a statement \"wrong username or password.\" But they are working in my desktop. What shall I do?
What is the value of c in terms of a and b if 2^a = 3^b = 6^c?
What is even the point of having channels such as Animal Planet and Discovery Channel when they're introducing fictional content among documentaries?
How do I add lyrics to mp3 songs, and then view them while I play the songs on my phone?
What exactly does the Fermi level mean in semiconductors and why is the Fermi level said to be close to the valence band in p-type semiconductors?
What's the nutritional difference between normal yogurt and Greek yogurt? Which is better?
How should I practice competitive programming and what are the best sources for tutorials?
I just read \"The Catcher in the Rye\", and I was underwhelmed. Am I just not smart enough to appreciate it?
What are the strongest majors in terms of job prospects and what are the weakest majors at Cal State Fullerton?
What diffrrent methods are used to measure weight and what tools are used to do so?
Why do so many parents not discuss things like sex and puberty with their children?
What is a suitable inpatient drug and alcohol rehab center in Putnam County FL?
Ashlee Vance: What did you personally learned from Elon Musk and applied it in your day-to-day life?
Why is there open border between Nepal and India? Why is passport not needed to travel in between?
What is a \"quad\" of weed, and how much does it cost?
My ex girlfriend posted a song of her own composition on Facebook and the lyrics seem to be written for me. How do I know for sure that she has written it for me?
What is the difference between a match and friend score on OKCupid?
I am a mechanical graduate student. I completed my graduation in 2012. I got placed in Cognizant and I joined the company. Now I want to shift to my core mechanical job. What is the best way?
What were the major effects of the cambodia earthquake, and how do these effects compare to the Cascadia earthquake in 1700?
'Tamil is a barbarous language and Tamilians are barbarians.' Who said this? Why?
Who are some lesser known important historical figures of Senegal and what should people know about them?
I speak English. How far back in time could I go and still communicate with someone fluently?
Aviation and Logistics Issues: What is the basic difference between a Boeing and an Airbus aircraft, from a pilot's point of view?
How can I save my iPhone text messages and  iMessages without using a computer or iCloud?
Operating systems : what is the difference between an original OS and a pirated one? why should one go for the original one, benefits as such?
What is the difference between bid quantity and offer quantity in stock market?
What are the strongest majors in terms of job prospects and what are the weakest majors at CMU?
The man I have had a Skype relationship with has been up three days and nights ignoring me playing PlayStation.I have been ignored. Is he OCD?
Which are the major highways in California and how are they compared to the major highways in Vermont?
What are the consequences, both mentally and physically, of not having sex?
What is respect? What are the psychological, sociological and evolutionary reasons for respect? Is such a phenomenon present in non-human sentient beings?
What is the mass and charge of alpha particle and proton?
What are the biggest problems with sustainability and the environment right now?
What are some ways to improve critical reading and reading comprehension skills?
Is it true that Hillary Clinton and Bill Clinton are divorcing?
I am a genius, I read one page per second and have eidetic memory. How can I use this to make money?
If OnePlus 3 had feature of expandable memory and ir blaster it will be the best phone in the world?
I just attended a seminar of Sarso. The products, business model ,the people and everything else was pretty amazing. Isn't it too good to be true?
Is a base salary of  dollar 150,000 enough to live comfortably and save for retirement in the Bay Area?
I' am 163 cm tall and weighs 61 kg. Am I overweight and will this affect conceiving?
In one day, how many times do the minute hand and the second hand of a clock make a straight line?
What is Ancho chili powder and how is it different from chili powder?
How can I deal with family member that are bitter and want to take it out all on me?
What are the best examples of SaaS companies that sell B2C and B2B? (Ex. DropBox) Is this a good strategy, or one that can dilute a companies focus?
Are there any forms of religion that don't require going to a church every week and speaking to a pastor, etc., but using books and other ways to make your faith stronger by yourself?
Why is Manaphy annoying in Pokemon ranger and the temple of the sea?
What was the production of artwork intended for in Hawaii and how is it compared to the one intended for in Maine?
Do I have to apply separately to same institute on the basis of CAT and MAH-CET score? For example to JBIMS OR K J SOMAIYA?
What is the Personal Property Security Act and how is Nova Scotia's different from the Territory of the Yukon?
When flying at night, do pilots keep cockpit lights on to help read knobs and switches, or lights off to keep night vision?
How do I save interesting questions and answers on Quora to read later? Is there a 'Reading List' feature?
Which one is better for muscle building and strength, weighted pushups or bench press?
What are the effects of the divided government during the Reagan administration and did it have a positive or negative effect?
How can I see the top Quora questions and answers now that I have an account?
How do blood types differ, and what is the difference between O positive and O negative?
How well do Kendrick Lamar and Anna Kendrick know each other?
What is the main difference between Triac and thyristor, and what are their similarities?
What are the most interesting products and innovations that Collectors Universe is coming out with in 2016?
In india Is it legal to have a learners license and also permanent license? My license is old but I don't Drive and want to learn again
Is it a problem if I copy the coding style and software architecture from open source projects?
How good do you need to be in mathematics and statistics to become a data scientist?
There have been various articles about programs running to spot and patch vulnerabilities in software. Does the halting theorem disprove this?
Structural Engineering: What are the main differences between SAP2000 and Etabs? Which one is better for building analysis and design?
How has Black Supremacy divided and conquered Europe back then and now?
Why does the U.S. believe that a good relationship between Philippines and China violates the U.S.' so called international law?
I'm in a relationship from the past 7 years. But I have made some mistakes which can affect this relation if I tell the person about it. Should I do it or just let the person go and live a happy life by telling some bad-ass reason instead of letting the person be with me even now?
What is a suitable inpatient drug and alcohol rehab center near Brunswick County NC?
Is it possible to combine a flange and rzeppa joint in gearbox driveshaft?
How does it feel like helping your friends out of your way and end up realising they are not worth it?
What is the main difference between Reform, Orthodox, and Conservative Judaism? If a Jew is not observant and doesn't keep kosher, to which of these three movements does he belong?
What will happen to my whatsapp account and chat group if I uninstall it and then install it after few months?
Why would a man you love leave you and want you to hate him?
If the energy remains constant what explains the increasing work and labour that current day humanity does each day,will we reach equilibrium?
What are the things that wealthy people (millionaires and billionaires) know that ordinary people do not know?
Where is the Baraka River located, and how does it compare to the Zambesi?
Did Darth Vader recognize the droids R2-D2 and C3PO as the same droids he knew when he was a Jedi?
Why and how did Lebanon become the most peaceful country in the Middle East, despite that it was the bloodiest and the most unstable one in the region just two decades ago?
How do big music Youtube channels (like Majestic Casual, The Sound You Need, and so on) bypass the Youtube copyright system and grow and monetize with content they do not own?
What are the most interesting products and innovations that Realty Income is coming out with in 2016?
How much do fiction writers earn in India and abroad if they sell 100,000 copies of a book?
How hard is it to publish a proper, and dynamic (eg MEAN stack) website compared to a static website?
What sort of skill tests should an acquisition marketing and SEM candidate expect during an interview?
What are the strongest majors in terms of job prospects and what are the weakest majors at Smith College?
I recently applied for some role at Github. I reached till the final interview round and it happened over Skype. I have got not response from them after that. Does this mean rejection or is my application still under process?
I emailed my interviewer after the technical interview and the admissions team. Why haven't I gotten a reply for both of them?
Can I use Reliance Jio sim card (to make voice calls and send/receive sms only) in a 2G mobile handset?
Who has/d been referred as \"mard-ini\": between Goddess Kali and Durgah, as per Sons-crit-on/Hindu-tvam mythology? And why?
Why is the gym busy in August and will it ever slow down?
What is identity politics and what is and example of it?
I want to get a camera for YouTube, street photography and some portrait photos. What are any ideas?
25.M. I've never been in a fight and know I would run like a coward. I have a huge fear about this and no fighting skill. How can I change this?
How can I download movies free and watch them on my smart TV?
What is the causality between Pauli exclusion principle and the anti-symmetry of fermions? Which is the reason for the other?
What is the Interview process for TCS Digital enterprise and what type of questions will be asked?
I got a cmda apporval and I'm going to start according to the plan?
What is the scope of MBA and law degree in India?
Should I graduate in 3 years or double major and graduate in 4 if my goal is a PhD?
Is there an inpatient Drug and Alcohol Rehab Center in Colusa County California?
Find no. of ways to choose a committee from 4 men and 6 women so that the committee includes at least 2 men and exactly twice as many women as men?
What is the difference between Test analyst and Technical Test analyst?
Is it possible to get accepted to Stanford after a gap year and while having decent grades at IB?
I'm am 15 years old. I weigh 55 kg and my height is 5'6. Am I normal or how much weight should I gain?
Which book would you like to see made into a film and who would you choose to see in the lead roles?
What were the surnames of Lord Ram, Lord Krishna and the Pandavas during ancient times?
What was the most beautiful and touching moment of your life?
Is there any free Android app for monitoring server, specific IP and alerts you through notification or via alarm if it goes down?
What if you are a mathematician, or something similar, and are worried about people stealing your ideas?
How much do IIM Professors, Associate Professors and Assistant Professors get paid?
Are the Rotary Club and Lions Club part of the Freemasonry?
What is the angle between the minute hand and the hour hand at 11:59?
What are the legal separation laws in PA and how do they compare with the ones in Kansas?
How do I stay fit and healthy both physically and mentally?
What if anything should happen to Hampton Creek and Josh Tetrick now that we know they faked demand by e.g., buying product and calling Whole Foods?
If somehow I go back to 1960s and form a band that performs Death Metal and Black Metal in UK and US, how would people react at the time?
Hat are some examples of Filipino traditions and beliefs, and how do they compare and contrast to those of Roatan?
What career assessments are the best to find out your strengths and passions to make the best career choice?
Charlie Hebdo repeatedly makes jokes about Jews, Christians and Muslims. Why have only Muslims felt the urge to use violence against it?
How 2 conductors are needed for TEM propgation and why waveguides allow only TE, or TM modes. Can anyone explain more non mathematically?
What's the smartest way to separate rice and pulses rather then handpicking?
What gaps are there between the spaceships we can build today and what Elon Musk thinks we should use to take 100 people to Mars?
How will stock price decide, and what is the relation with volume of stock?
Does writing an agreement on plain paper and getting it signed make it a legal document (without any witnesses present)?
Is there a directory of individual landline and cell phone telephone numbers?
Is it true that Indians started eating garlic and onion during Mughals rule?
What is the difference between \"by\" and \"as\" in the following sentences?
Player A has n+1 coins, while B has n coins. Both players throw all of their coins simultaneously and observe the no. of heads. If all coins are fair, then what is the probability that A obtains more heads than B?
When I was a pre/teen, my mom insisted on watching me dress, then stared and made comments about my body. Was this sexual abuse?
What are some of the silliest and funniest dialogues in Hindi movies?
There's this file in my in my home directory, which is weird. When I tried to open it, it shows 'couldn't open the file' and the file size it shows is 101.2gb and the type, it shows 'Binary-application/octet stream'. I am scared to delete it. I might delete some files along with it. What do I do?
How increase a penis length and width permanently without side effect or surgery?
What are good solutions for small business accounting and billing software or online services?
How many bytes of memory does one character, one integer, one number and one floating point number occupy in C++?
What service in India can pick up items from my doorstep and ship them to the desired address?
How are careers in English changing, and what's necessary to stay current?
Is it possible to prepare IAS and BANK exam at the same time?
Why is Donald Trump nasty and why do people actually like him?
I had a public speaking yesterday. I wasn't nervous, but I felt very tired and breathlessness when I was speaking. What could be the reason for this?
How do I tackle the situation of failure again and again when you've tried your best?
Why do we get tears in our eyes and nose when we eat spicy food?
My cat which was just relaxing on my bed, got up, left my room, turned around and sat there staring at me for a minute. What is she thinking?
How would the guy feel if he had a crush on me but thought that I wasn't interested and so dated another girl but then realized that I like him back?
How do you motivate yourself to work hard and stop procrastinating?
What are personality types and disorders that make a person unable to feel intimacy and impulse to limit socializing and personal relationships?
Why are buybacks more common and stock splits rarer these days than in the past?
What happens if a person has black money and opts not to return it to the government?
What are some different ways of doing clean and presses? What are the benefits and tradeoffs of each?
I am in a long-distance relationship. My boyfriend is about to work on his startup idea and I know it will cut short our talks and meetings. What should I do from my side to support him?
Why so many Indonesian being blue eyed and also Gray colored when they are getting old?
What is difference between TDR and STDR in FD and which one is better?
I have no problems with my Samsung Galaxy Note 7 on overheating and exploding issues. Should I send this phone on recall?
What would the equation of a circle be with the center being (3,15) and the circumference being 2 Pi square root 6? [/math]
Why can't I forget my first love and my first rejection?
What are the strongest majors in terms of job prospects and what are the weakest majors at Fairleigh Dickinson University?
After I lift I play basketball for a half hour and don't feel sore at all, but when I lift without playing I feel sore?
What are the 5 branches of the United States Military and what are their separate functions?
How significant was search and destroy to the us failure in Vietnam?
Should I buy a Dell i7559 2512 gaming laptop or a PS4 for gaming? I dont care about portability and I am more on Dell's side because of gaming piracy.
How can we increase literacy rate in Tribal areas and influence tribal kids to complete school education?
How do I find my documents and data in my iPhone?
What do abbreviations like A.C.E. and A.S.C. mean in movie credits?
What do the Pixel's features, specs, and pricing say about Google's strategy?
What are first, middle and last names? My name is Senthil Nathan and my father name is Subramaniam. In my certificate it is S.Senthilnathan.
I love one girl but she calls me a brother sometimes and sometimes a best friend. What should I do now?
In what way does Hamlet's speech to Rosencrantz and Guildenstern exemplify humanism?
Why do some people worship celebrities and famous people? Why do people love celebrities?
How can Google Analytics data and machine learning help an online business?
If you were just starting to get into collectibles, would Pok\u00e9mon Go and YoKai Watch be worth of any value as time passes?
Where is the Baraka River located, and how does it compare to the Blue Nile?
What is suitable simulation program to simulate Zigbee and WiFi Coexistence? (involving backoff mechanism, packets and parameters)
I tried fingering myself and it hurts. My finger didn't even go in because it hurt and felt weird. How do I insert it without pain?
Will you spend any time or focus on Morgellons and the five overlooked parasite infections in the USA?
What is the difference between EMEM and DMEM media in animal cell culture?
What are the legal separation laws in PA and how do they compare with the ones in Ilinois?
What are the most interesting products and innovations that Ceiba Energy Services is coming out with in 2016?
I screwed up CAT 2016 even after preparing well and scoring good in my mocks. What should I do?
Are there people, in India who don't wish to get married and stay unmarried throughout their lives?
Who helped you all the time in your profession to stand on a level today and you owned him alot till the end of your life?
How do I limit WhatsApp usage only to certain times and keep concentrated on my work?
How do I set ringtone and vibration at the same time in lollipop?
In forex trading, do heads of national central banks also place their positions in the market and do they also utilize their power during announcmnts?
What is the difference between a \u2018Class A', a \u2018Class B' and a \u2018Class AB' power amplifier?
If A is in the personal space of B, is repeatedly pushing B and urging B to fight back, is B liable if he uses reasonable force to subdue A?
Can you be both Business Consultant and Business Analyst? What's the difference between these two?
What is the difference between unjust and unfair, in the context of social justice?
There is a small scale industry behind my house and their machines are always creating disturbance, where can I register a complaint against it?
My boyfriend cheated on me a while back and I forgave him, even though I can't stop thinking about it. What should I do?
Are the toppers of JEE Mains and JEE Advanced that are mostly the same?
What are the strongest majors in terms of job prospects and what are the weakest majors at Amherst College?
I am a final year student of College of Medicine, UNILAG. I plan to study MPH and MBA simultaneously in Australia. What are the necessary steps?
What are your views on donald Trump and his strategies to make America great again?
Where can I sell my homemade porn video at.? It is of girlfriend but and I. I was told someone bought them for a one time fee of 2000.00 is it so?
I'm a high school student and I got contacted by a firm to do a complete redesign of their iOS and Android apps. How much should I charge?
What is the difference between economy saver and economy value tickets in jet airways?
I am struggling greatly with knife sharpening. I feel that no matter how many videos and demonstrations I watch, I still can't get it right. What is the the best resource or advice you can provide?
Which is the best battery and inverter brand to buy for home usage?
I'm an experienced professional in my field [business and design]. Books and courses help me too little on learning. How can I improve myself?
What are the orthogonal trajectories and what are some of its applications?
Will Trump, Putin, Modi and Netanyahu form a coalition and destroy Islamic terrorism?
Why are Amazon and Facebook commonly grouped with companies like Google, Apple, and Microsoft when considering exciting work for computer scientists?
How will be the banning of 500 and 1000 rupees notes will have impact on real estate and Construction industry in India?
What do the Japanese think of the Gilbert and Sullivan opera, \"The Mikado?\"
How do I tackle a professor who expects pages of an answer and does not bother to review if it is indeed right or not?
What is it like to live and work in Shanghai as an Indian?
What could possibly be some career options for a person who watches YouTube a lot and never gets bored of it (please give some details as well)?
How did European monarchs and aristocrats use funding scientific and artistic ventures to enhance their own power?
Find the equation of a circle which touches the coordinate axes and whose centre lies on the line x-2y=3?
Which is a suitable inpatient drug and alcohol rehab center near Warren County IL?
What are some of the best exercises and diet that can transform your flabby stomach?
What is the difference between thanks and thank you or thanks all and thank you all?
If you're left all alone in Mars with only a great supply of oxygen and water, how long will it be possible to survive?
Why is civic public communication and discourse so hollow in modern India?
Which would you recommend between TIME, Indiranagar and Testcracker, Koramangala in Banaglore for CAT 2017 preparation?
Should I apply both kajal and eye liner or only eye liner is better?
If you cut yourself in two places then put them together and let them heal, would they fuse?
What is the difference between self-respect and ego? How can I judge if somebody is hurting my self-respect or hurting my ego?
What is meant by length scale in heat transfer and fluid mechanics problems?
What is the difference between LDA and STA instructions in 8085 microprocessor?
What Thai tourist visa do I need if I want to go to Siem Reap for 2 days after a stop in Bangkok and again come back with a day or 2 in Phuket? Do I need to take visa-on-arrival 2 times? What is the cost?
How do I read The Hindu and prepare notes exclusively for UPSC Prelims?
What exactly is the Iron Bank of Braavos and how do they operate? How much do we know about the Iron Bank?
I have 2 year gap between completing 12th and starting college (BCOM) Does it affect my Job prospects after graduation?
Can my family prosecute the fake private owned bank and fake lawerys who took my grandmother's properties and sue still sue the primary legit bank?
Should one cancel Maruti Suzuki Baleno and buy Hyundai Elite I20?
What is the relation between Pi and size of the Universe?
Why India has few medals in the olympic table when compared to chinese and rest of the world in terms of their population?
Board seats versus majority ownership of shares versus preferred stock, and other deal terms: which provide the greatest actual decision-making power?
What happens when a cask of aging scotch (or any other type of whisky) fall below 40 percent abv and no longer can be legally called whisky? Are they discarded or vatted with other casks to bring up the abv?
Why does western history continue to misunderstand and MIS represent Ethiopia and the East African diaspora?
What's the next step after learning basic Java and what can I do in future after learning Java?
What are the most interesting products and innovations that Schnitzer Steel is coming out with in 2016?
Is BJP trying to replace AIADMK and Dravidian politics in Tamil Nadu?
How can I get into top 20 universities for MS in VLSI in spite of 5 backlogs (3 in 1st semester and 2 in 3rd semester) but will strong other factors?
I want to loose weight but I cannot give up on rice and potato how should I loose weight?
How can I prepare for the GATE exam and what books should I use?
If Germany had defeated the U.K and the Soviet Union, would it have invaded the U.S?
How do I prepare for CBSE 12th board exams(PCM) in 1 and a half month to score at least 90 percent?
How should one prepare for KBC and what is the procedure to go there?
If there were an east pole and a west pole on earth where would they be?
What do Saudi citizens know and think about the 1979 siege of Mecca?
How can I most effortlessly and most painlessly end my life?
Is it better to rent and have a lot of money or buy a house and have no money?
Could it be that the atom is a solar system with the nucleus as the sun and the electrons as the planets circulating around the nucleus (sun)?
Which permissions are needed to start a magazine? Where do we apply for registration and all? What is the difference between magazine and newsletter?
Is it true that MNC's in India have billions in unpaid bills for water, electricity etc and towards the end are generally waived off by the Govt?
Are there real male escort jobs and not fake in Kolkata?
Have you ever been so good at pretending to be happy, that you actually forget that it's all an act and when something bad happens, you're not sad or depressed, you're just empty?
Well I am an IIT aspirant, I m gonna give the paper in 2017 need some revisions tips and a big reason so that I could keep myself motivate?
When did illegal immigration become a hot topic and why does it matter to people who've probably never met one?
How does Disney Pixar's animated feature, Brave, reflect Scotland's actual history and the environment of the Scottish Highlands?
I'm a mechanical second student and I want to work on solar power so what were the basics I need?
What do you do when you fall in love with your bestfriend and she's already in a very happy relationship?
How can Harry Potter curses, spells, charms, hexes and jinxes be explained using Physics?
Hiii My SGPT LEVELS ARE 1571 and SGOT levels are 1257 what shoud I do is itvery serious?
What positive lessons can Muslims and Jews learn from each other?
Was there ever a man of color from Africa who had wound up in ancient Japan and rose in the ranks to become a warrior?
Which are some of the products and services you would abstain a kid from using?
Why does a woman become sore after her first orgasm and is there any way to get her to be multi-orgasmic?
What are the Differences between borehole water drilling and crude oil drilling, in terms of tools used and techniques applied.
I am planning a trip for 5 days to Goa in January. What are the places to visit and stay at, with a limited budget of Rs 15000?
How are donuts made and what do I need to do some?
What would happen if suddenly I stopped using the \"pass\u00e9 compos\u00e9\" and instead started using the \"pass\u00e9 simple\" in French? Would I be understood?
How much is the down payment and monthly instalment for royal Enfield classic 350?
I am looking for a decent indoor badminton court in Gurgaon and fellow shuttlers with whom I can play. How do I find both?
Where can I find a link of audio that one which guided by Goenkaji, part by part and step by step to travel in whole body to observe sensation?
What actually is parallel path and it is determine in any types of winding?
Have you changed all measuring pparameter and borrowed from france germany sweeden?
Why do the other people judge so much based on their past and start treating them similarly?
My fianc\u00e9e died recently and it pains my heart, how do I learn to cope with this?
I want to read some mills and boons books? Which should I read?
Do the DU Battery Saver and Clean Master app really work good in phones?
If I go to court for a DUI and the cop does not show up, do I automatically win?
What is a good inpatient drug and alcohol rehab center near Richmond County GA?
My eBay account got restricted (not suspended) to sell, is it true I can open other account and start selling and both using the same Paypal to receive payments? Do I have to hide my IP? Any tips? It sounds a little bit strange...
Has anything been done about the favoritism towards the host athletes displayed by various referees and judges at the Asian Games, Incheon in 2014 in South Korea?
What are the roles of a chairman, CEO, MD, CFO, CO, and CEO? And which is the highest post in any organisation?
Can I ask a question and answer it myself on Quora?
My percentage in 10th is 90.2. My 12th percentage is 78.2 and my B.Tech CGPA is 6.5. What is my chance for making it into IIM A, B or C?
I want to join the Indian army IMA or OTA. I am 22 years old and work at a software company. I know the SSB process is tough, how should I prepare?
What does poking mean on Facebook and how do you poke on Facebook?
What are the chances of President Rodrigo Duterte significantly wiping out crime and terrorism in the Philippines with his methods?
How do scotch whisky manufacturers satisfy immediate surge in demand esp since it usually involves maturation of whisky starting 12 years and upwards..so even if they manufacture extra whisky now it can only be sold after 12 or 25 yrs ... or am i missing something?
When building a house with the following AC units \u2013 7 high wall and 2 concealed, is it better to do splits or a VRF system?
What would you think if a girl cut you off and gave you bear hug after you asked her if you text her at a bad time?
Software Engineers: How do you decide between learning more about the current languages and technologies that you are using, in order to become more profficient, versus deepening your understading of your chosen domain?
I am pursuing MBA in Finance from one of top B-School in India, is Investment Analysis and Portfolio Management an important subject for placements?
I fiil in an application and they ask for first name, last name and former name. so what is the former name?
Why do smokers not care about non smokers around them and smoke freely in public domain?
What options I have after investing everything in a business and it is not taking off because of government policy?
How can I dissolve a metal like tin, titanium and aluminum in water? Could I use ammonia or is there another method?
Why is government issuing a new Rs 2000 note and not Rs 1000 back again?
Can India be corruption free? How and how much time will it take?
Had Patton survived the wreck that ended his life and continued to serve the U.S. Military, would he have had any impact on the Korean War?
My 8-year-old kid is very smart but also defiant. He doesn't listen and argues all the time. What books or advice should I follow?
What\u2019s the difference between data, information and knowledge in machine systems? Or is there a difference?
My Infinix Hot 2 phone was misplaced on Sunday and right now it\u2019s switched off; please, can it be tracked?
Is \"Calm your panties\" a dirty word? I saw it on an American show and I can't find it in the dictionary. What does it mean? Thanks.
What are the health benefits of running and how much kilometer/miles ideally a man should run daily?
How do I get Jio ID and how can I generate the offer code?
I am having recurring nightmares, and want to face them through lucid dreaming. How can I do so?
Why is sex perceived as a taboo in india especially given our heritage and the fact that we gave the world, Kamasutra?
I sold my computer to a friend, its been 8 months now, he didn't pay and now doesn't reply my texts. What should I do?
What does it feel like to be in the closet and what feelings change when you come out?
Where is the best graffiti and street art in Los Angeles?
What are the irreversible damages that humans have caused to the Earth's ecosystem and atmosphere? Are there other species that contribute to any of it as well?
Why are we (India) so desperate on making peace with pakistan and can't just cut off from it leaving it to itself?
I don't do drugs, I don't drink. I'm a 19 year old virgin and my friends call me lame. Am I really lame?
What outlook should one have in life if he was taken advantage of and discarded by his parents when he was at a vulnerable point?
What can be done if I lost my password and account name to Instagram?
Do you believe that humans are the one and the only intelligent species in the Universe?
Why isn't the RBI using de-monetization of  rupee 500 and  rupee 1000 currency notes as an opportunity to push for polymer notes?
If you accidentally like someone's photo on Facebook then unlike it and deactivate your account, will they still be notified?
What is the difference between RuPay, Visa, and Mastercard debit/credit cards?
What is the Personal Property Security Act and how is Nova Scotia's different from Quebec's?
Why is Prime Minister Modi asking TN and Karnataka to maintain law and order when there is a problem only in Karnataka?
We just returned from SuperZoo, a huge conference for pet retailers and trainers. What is the best business conference you have ever attended?
Franklin Veaux: What are your thoughts on Chase Amante and his website (GirlsChase.com)?
How do I implement a customized QR code generator and a scanner in my Android application?
Can I file a complaint for some guys playing too loud music (devotional songs) and dhol without any reason, in the park front of my house?
On average how much of a gap is there between filming the pilot and the second episode of a TV series?
I am an athletic 13 year old girl and weight 82.2 pounds. Is that normal? Am I healthy?
I made an excellent contact form. How do I make it (using HTML and CSS), that when someone hits \"submit\", the filled out form gets emailed to me?
Been married for 9 years, but don't think I love my husband.I am 35 and have always wanted to be a mother. Should I divorce now and give up my dream?
What are the best foods and drinks to help you go to sleep?
Why does Slate magazine provide links to page numbers and a 'single page' button instead of the traditional \"next/previous\" buttons?
How many tectonic plates exist and which plate is the most active?
What will be the effect of banning 500 and 1000 notes on stock markets in India?
Are laws different for rich and poor in India? What about the Salman Khans incident?
My height is 6 feet and 6 inch, which car suitable for me?
How can I become MCSD in web development? Is there any good and authorized center at Kolkata from where I can get proper training to crack the exam?
What is a consecutive calendar day and how is it related with the Germanic calendar?
Does anyone like their job and wake up every day genuinely happy to go to work?
What do non-Indians think of Rohit Patnaik and his answers (i.e. if they have come across his views/answers)?
Why should I vote for the AAP and Arvind Kejriwal for PM in 2019 elections?
Why do many Indians praise Hitler and also ATST praise Israel?
What is the difference between a Program and an Initiative in federal funding?
What are some examples of endangered species in the tropical rainforest, and how do these differ from those in the desert?
How is the work life balance of managers and above at Sapient, India?
In a shop where there is no one looking and only a box, will you leave the money on the box or forego paying?
I'm getting to the end of my tether, my partner no longer wants sex and we've tried counselling without improvement. I feel desparate and can't see a way of making things better. I've contemplated medication to kill my need for sensual contact and looked at hypnotherapy. I'm male 42 and my partner is female 43, sex stopped (pretty much) about 2 and a half years ago once we'd been together for less than 6 months
Why do I want to escape reality and go to another world so much?
Why is Facebook audio and video call not available in Bahrain?
Why there is a conception that Rafis best songs was far better than Kishore's best song and Kishore 's avg songs was far better than Rafi's avg songs?
A man was murdered in his office. The suspects are Gerry, Julie, Jason, Nick, and Sophie. The numbers 6, 4, 9, 10 & 11 were written in a calender with blood. Who is the murderer?
What is the antitrust law and what are the pros and cons of this law?
Is there a relationship between sustainability and innovation in the consultancy industry?
Why is it important to use object-oriented analysis and design methodologies when building a system? Why not just built the system in whatever way seems to be quick and easy? What value is provided by using an engineering approach?
What are some words that start and end with the letter Y?
I have dual American citizenship. Do my natural born children ages 20 and 17 automatically become American citizens born abroad through me?
Why do Japanese have blue eyes and blond hair in anime?
How do I cure my Chronic Acidity and Gas problem permanently?
Why do women not provide more sex to males to reduce the demand and bring down demand for prostitution?
I obtained 94.5 percent (best four) in the CBSE 12th, and I am having a one year gap. Should I apply for DU for BCom or go with symbiosis Pune/Mithibai or Mumbai?
What are the effects of the divided government during the Nixon administration and did it have a positive or negative effect?
Does muting someone on Twitter stop them from appearing in my feed and does it mean that I'm still following them?
Why did Manaphy threw a tantrum in \"Pok\u00e9mon Ranger and the temple of the sea\" movie?
My new Facebook page is selling wrist watches and jewellery items, what will be the best name which will be cool and attractive?
What is the difference between the Supreme Court of Canada and the Supreme Court of the United States?
I want an iPhone because I want to get rid of Android and Windows. Am I a. Apple fanboy?
Why don't Pakistan work against terrorist like hafiz sayeed and masood azhar? Despite so much of international pressure ?
How many numbers between 200 and 800 are divisible by at least one of: 5, 7?
I have not had my period in 2 months but I took five pregnancy tests and they were all negative. What could be wrong with me?
Does Donald Trump really do all those mean and nasty things that they say he does? Or not?
If I stand 3 feet in front of my microwave oven and watch my food cook will I be in any danger?
In Layman's terms, can you explain the theory of time and how that relates to dimensional gaps?
What were the major contributions of the political leaders during WW1, and how are the compared to the ones during the Crimean War?
What are the major stereotypes people have about Laos and to what extent are they true?
I got rejected for a job in a networking company because I have more experience in Java and not C. What gives C advantage over Java for networking companies?
What do you think of Mr. Modi's decision to discontinue Rs 500 and 1000 currencies as of midnight November 8th?
When the Queen will pass away, what will happen to the coins and the bank notes printed under her name?
Rap Music: Which current rappers belong to gangs and to which gangs do each belong?
What is meant by average and a minimum tensile strength of a material?
What should be our ideal eating plan at night in a case you are a working professional and hunger kicks you very badly when you get home?
Is the International Conference for Internet Technology and Secured Transactions (ICITST) good for publishing a paper?
Can an Indian citizen, who is an H1B visa holder in the USA, whose green card is under process (I-140 approved and waiting for priority date), start a pvt. ltd. company in India?
How do I delete everything off my laptop and start it off like you just bought it?
Is there any med students who afraid of blood and still succeed (become a doctor)?
What are the best engineering colleges in Madhya Pradesh in terms of academics and placements (please give the branches too)?
Why didn't Taiwan claim Hong Kong and Macau from the British and Portuguese respectively?
If you ask a friend how they are after ending his affair with a married woman and he says, \"I don't want to talk about it\" what does this mean?
Does a lot of oil in food make it hard for you to loose fat? I'm starting to eat a lot of Indian/Pakistani food lately and I'm pretty sure it has a lot of oil (along with a lot of spices). Can I loose fat with cardio if I eat this stuff? Or should I not be eating it at all?
When you can do handstand pushups, planche and other handstand exercises - do you just support it for the rest of your life?
I am in a bad engineering college and also can't drop out. What options do I have?
Is it worthy to move from Android to iOS and Windows to OS X at once?
I live in the US and plan on moving to China. Should I buy a dog in the US and take it to China or a buy a dog there?
How would you describe rings and fields to a ten year old?
What word lists do Scramble with Friends and Words with Friends use?
Why did Labour sell the UK gold reserves and what does it actually mean for the nation's economy and the individual?
What is Holden Commodore stud pattern and what are its advantages?
What is the reality of dance bars and clubs in India compare to what we seen in movies?
If the human body didn't deteriorate over time, would there be any way to tell a 25-year-old and a 65-year-old apart, or would they look identical?
Use to get wobbling in my bike, what should we do to come outfrom that, and my bike is brand new one the Karizma R of 2016\u2026?
I'm currently in 9th grade, and I suck at Maths. I have to start future planning now, and that being said, what job in the whole universe doesn't require Maths?
How can you clean your eyelashes and eyes naturally? And also, how can you regrow eyelashes?
What would happen if your allowance increase? Would you change your taste and preference, or would you stick with your old consumption patterns?
Is it possible to learn German and French at the same time? If it is, is it effective?
What is the effect of temperature and pressure on mass diffusivity?
Why do dead human bodies float and living human bodies sink?
My girlfriend won't have sex with me and she won't explain why. What can I do to get her to tell me?
How do you describe the \"American way of thinking\" and how do our cultural influences/varied upbringings define us as American in the way we think every day?
What are the differences between a antagonist and a protagonist? What are some examples?
Indian Companies sick hiring standards in fraud and risk? Example Flipkart, Reliance, Snapdeal, \u2026the list goes on.
What are some of your own personal stories and experiences with natal Pluto Retrograde?
Why are there so many questions on Quora starting with words and phrases like \"why are liberals\" {doing something or believing something}?
What things to mention and what not in your tinder bio?
What is the poorest country in Asia, and how does its health system compare to the poorest country in Oceania?
What happens if I don't pay my cell phone and Netflix bill what can they do?
Why did Steve Jobs name the brand 'Apple' and create its logo the way it is?
How do I prepare for high Court RO exam and what are books I should need to refer for the same?
I had pizza and the next morning I woke up with a stomach ache and fever and later vomited. Was it food poisoning?
Which are the major highways in California and how are they compared to the major highways in Idaho?
What were the strengths and weaknesses of the Articles of Confederation?
Why do androids have high end hardware like snapdragon 820 and 6gb ram and still have no console quality games or console emulation speed ?
How can you summarise the 2016 US Presidential elections and the respective candidates to a non-US citizen?
What are the differences between Spanish which is spoken in Spain (by Spaniard) and Spanish which is spoken in Latin America?
What is the definition of a nuclear family? What are the advantages and disadvantages of a nuclear family?
How do I tell my teenage sister that her sweat smells really bad and she should take more care without causing it to be an issue for her?
According to international law, if nations A and B are at war, and A has overseas forces in missions unrelated to the war, can B attack them?
Someone told me she doesn't think she can love anyone and she's emotionally unavailable. That's why she wants flings. Does it mean she is heartless?
What does it mean to take something with a grain of salt, and what are the origins of that phrase?
I earn INR 30k/month.After paying rent I save around 10k. How can I save and invest so that after 10years I get a monthly interest of around 6k?
What are the most famous/popular local products and businesses in Sacramento?
How can I use Omegle on my iPod Touch and how is it compared to using Badoo?
As a new video game developer that knows both c++ and java should I use unreal engine or unity?
Which is a suitable inpatient drug and alcohol rehab center near Lake County CO?
There are 2 TV shows called Shameless produced in 2004 and 2011. Which one should I watch?
I want to immigrate to canada. I have done bachelor of technology in IT and also I have 1 year of job experience, what should I do?
What is the difference between static and dynamic analysis of structure?
What is a suitable inpatient drug and alcohol rehab center near Dallas County IA?
What is your website and how much do you earn through it?
Does India have the technical capability to design and produce missiles that can hit targets at 10000+ kilometers?
How will demonetization of \u200e rupee 1000 and \u200e rupee 500 notes will help curb the rampant black currency in India?
What are the effects of taking allergy and cold medicine at the same time?
Should I take commerce for MBA or just take non-med and be engineer? What will be good for me and for my future?
The Godfather, Part II (1974 movie): Who was right and wrong in the beef between Frank Pentangelli and the Rosato brothers?
What are the career opportunities after doing Post Graduate certificate course in Remote sensing and GIS with an engineering degree (B.Tech) in electrical?
What is a Firearm Safety course, and in which cases are these courses recomended?
Is the IIT JEE physics and chemistry syllabus and difficulty level the same as AIPMT and NEET?
How can you describe the parts and functions of a nuclear power plant?
OLX India is providing a car certified report and a photoshoot of the car. How are they making money?
What were the legal and other troubles of TuneIn radio app?
How would you explain wetness and dryness to someone who is incapable of sensation?
What is it like flying from Bangkok to Manila and how are these touristic cities compared to Xi'an?
What is a suitable inpatient drug and alcohol rehab center near Lee County NC?
What are your thoughts on someone who obsessively stalks, doxes, impersonates and harasses someone because they're Jewish?
Where can I get best commercial asbestos removal and domestic asbestos removal services in Sydney?
If a startup has three technical co-founders; one of them is CEO, and the other one is CTO, what role should the third programmer occupy?
What are the strongest majors in terms of job prospects and what are the weakest majors at Montclair State?
How would you describe the Biblical women such as Ja'el and the woman who killed Abimilech?
Can you carry a gun and have alcohol in the state of Georgia?
I'm 25 years old ,working as service engineer and now I'm thinking to go for UPSC (IAS). Is it possible to crack?
What are some reasonable and logical reasons to vote for Donald Trump?
How do I reverse the words in a String without reversing each character and not using builtin functions like split and substring in C#?
Why did the USA and UK focus on invading Iraq following 9/11 when Al Qaeda and Bin Laden were known to be responsible and in Afghanistan at that time?
What exactly are gravitational waves and what are the implications of their discovery?
Do Pakistani boys like Indian girls and do they ever think of marrying an Indian Hindu girl?
Which are the major highways in California and how are they compared to the major highways in Wisconsin?
When did you realise that most friends and people in your life are mean and selfish?
How do you accept that your wife will never love you, and begin the process of letting go?
I stay away from my hometown and visit once or twice in a year but I miss my parent and my town badly. Does it happen to everyone? How can I stop missing them?
I have a score of 45 in JEE Main 2016 and 87.58 percentile. Can I get electronics and communication engineering in Symbiosis Institute of Technology?
Is there an inpatient Drug and Alcohol Rehab Center in Nevada County California?
What are one way shear and two way punching shear in footing?
How do France's economic activities compare and contrast to those of South Africa?
What do Stevie Ray Trump and Donald Vaughan have in common?
Where can I find reasonable and very affordable painting services in Brisbane?
A bag contains 4 balls. Two balls are drawn at random and are found to be white. What is the probability that all balls are white?
Who is good among Rahul Gandhi and Arvind Kejriwal as a politician?
Bankruptcy Law: If I prepaid a supplier for goods which they have not delivered and their bank account has been frozen, how can I get my money back?
My mother-in-law has got a fracture. She needs rest and someone to help her in daily chores. They believe that hiring a maid is a bad thing. So they are against it. I stay 600kms away from them, and I have a job and no leave left. So I can't go to help her. What can be a good solution here?
What are the differences between a single and double action pistol?
In my digital camera, how are 'ISO', EV+/- and ND Filter actually different?
What is a semi-perishable food and what are a few examples?
What is the location of Palawan, and how does this Island compare to Banaba Island?
How can I buy photo filters and textures library for iOS app?
Why are a lot of people greedy and lazy? What has caused people to lose their work ethic?
What will it take for India and Pakistan to be good friends?
What is a torque limiting clutch and what are its components?
Is it good banning of INR 500 and INR 1000 currency notes from midnight?
What is a Brinell Hardness tester and a rockwell Hardness tester?
F-1 visa: Can a PhD student finish PhD course requirement and get the pre-completion opt to work full time, and then finish the remaining master course requirement and leave with a master degree?
How do I cope up with a situation when I know my job sucks and I can't change it because of my financial issues?
Is there any overlap between quantum physics and computer science? And if there is, what is it?
With the militarization of police forces, is the U.S. government, through DHS, FEMA, and Patriot Act attempting to circumvent the Posse Comitatus Act?
What are the main policies and guidelines for questions on Quora?
What are the strongest majors in terms of job prospects and what are the weakest majors at Norfolk State?
I feel like I don't belong here and it's so lonely. What can I do?
Which app can I use to lock gallery and messeges in My Samsung Note 6?
A friend and I are planning on starting an investment club. What recommendations, thoughts, and resources would you say we should consider?
Is Bangalore Knowledge Park CDAC Centre good in terms of placements and teaching for Advanced Computing Course?
If a girl won't reply to you (boy) on WhatsApp or Facebook, but talks normally when you meet her and she already has a hint that he likes her, what does this mean?
Which is a suitable inpatient drug and alcohol rehab center near Jackson County CO?
Can we see accurate data that compares the total of all corporate subsidies and other sources of government money to the amount of public assistance and welfare paid to individuals? What corporations and sectors receive the greatest amounts and what are the amounts they receive?
When I connect my laptop to my college WiFi, it connects and in a few minutes it shows ''limited'' and no internet access. Why is it so? How can I overcome this?
Which laptop should I buy which has an i5 processor and is a 3rd, 4th or 5th generation?
Who are some lesser known important historical figures of Maldives and what should people know about them?
Should I just buy a flat/house upfront and not take a mortgage (London property market)?
Which are the major highways in California and how are they compared to the major highways in Alaska?
Where can I found wonderful baking and most entertaining cupcakes in Gold Coast?
How do I improve my vocabulary and fluency in english daily?
What is the academic pressure and workload at UT Austin like?
Can we do a calculus like differentiation and integration of data from incoming records using scan and rollup component in abinitio or even in PL/SQL?
My height is 5'6 and I'm 14 year old boy, my mom is 5'4 and my dad is 5'7. How tall will I be?
How are careers in neuroscience changing and what's necessary to stay current?
Do India have National Animal, Sport, Bird, Tree, and Language? Are they according with the Constitution?
Why does Netflix use TCP and not UDP for its streaming video?
After 1st date, he tried to kiss me, said he lived nearby and left me on corner to find a cab after dinner. Rude, clueless or inexperienced w dating?
I\u2019ve read that there are only about 200 rhinoviruses, and that we catch about 4 per year; should we not then be immune to colds after our mid-fifties?
Where can I found a range of glazed windows and doors in Sydney to meet various fire resistant levels?
How do I bypass the IISc firewall and have access to blocked website?
How can I accumulate all credit card debt and convert it into EMI when the cibil score is less in India?
Which books (both case study prep and general) would you recommend to an aspiring consultant?
Do engineers use differential equations and calculus? If so, in what fields of engineering and in what type of problems?
What actions can be taken regarding an anonymous user who is targeting and vandalizing some questions which I've authored?
What are the health pros and cons of taking a cold shower?
How can I make money by ban of 500 and 1000 rupees currency ban?
How are the Mosprime and SHIBOR rates determined and how are they different from LIBOR and each other?
I have had a crush on a guy for many years. Actually, I love him very much and he asked me for a date. But I cannot lie to my parents and if I tell them I am going out with a guy they will not allow me. Should I lie to my parents or should I say no for the date?
Why MFR is not giving bonus and stock split in spite market value morw than Rs50000?
Why can't even the goodhearted people who are wise and intelligent and also think about the society prefer child adoption in order to contribute to our society?
I am 14 I want to be a football player and want to play for big clubs but live in india what can I do?
Why do I ask big questions and never care about the answers?
I'm 13, gay, and out to most of my friends. I have a friend who is not out and I can't tell if he likes me or not. What should I do?
I'm already 18 and nearing 19, but still there isn't enough facial hair on my face and I look like a kid. What should I do?
Managing time for engineering studies, MOOCs and the basic coding in the first year?
How did Goten and Trunks transformed into normal Gogeta in \"Dragonball Z\" and how did they manage to transform into a Super Saiyan 3?
Why my face gets swollen while eating meal? There is no pain or other problem and it becomes normal after 20-25 minutes. Only tireness during chewing.
Are house brokers in Mumbai legally allowed to charge brokerage from the landlord and / or the tenant for a rented property every year the agreement is renewed?
How does Google make money with Flights and how much do they make?
90 percent of girls we know have boyfriend and 90 percent boys does not have a girl friend. How this is possible?
Which games can I play on my laptop with 4gb RAM and and intel core 2 duo 2.4 GHz?
How do I get a Digital marketing/Sales job in Hong Kong? I worked for Google and Facebook previously.Not being able to speak Mandarin/Cantonese is the basis of most of my rejections.
How does a processor differentiates between a character and an image file which are stored as bits (0 and 1)?
If a girl stares, giggles, and smiles at me does she like me then?
I have a weird mental association between music and numbers. Can anyone explain this?
What would Jake Williams do if someone showed up outside his house and told him that they are a fan from Quora?
What are some ways for Indian students of class 12 and below to earn pocket money?
What is the difference between a Cinematographer and a Director of Photography?
Is there any app that scans maths questions (in a book or in a image) and searches Google for step by step answers?
What is the legacy mode in BIOS? What is the difference between legacy and UEFI? Is it safe to use legacy mode?
What are the hostel conditions at BITS Pilani, Pilani campus, for girls? I've heard the rooms are old and not well maintained. There was news that renovation was going on. Has the girls' hostel been renovated?
What do you think of people messaging you on social media and asking to speak to you? Have you ever done this before?
Is there a difference between whole wheat and whole wheat pastry flour?
What is the purpose of a SIM card and does the iPhone use them?
In the civil engineering field, what is the best and basic knowledge in the world?
For how long are the communal and sickular politics going to hamper the progress and development of the nation?
HOw to get prepare for placements at IHM Mumbai and which book should we refer to get through managment trainne program?
What's the difference between MH Basic, MH Smart and MH Flex in Malaysian Airlines?
What is the difference between Bayes Theorem and conditional probability and how do I know when to apply them?
What are a Watt, a Kilowatt and a unit of electricity?
What makes a guy possessive and jealous over a certain girl? Why her of all girls?
What does it feel like to be a father with social anxiety disorder and have a child or children who also have social anxiety disorder?
If there was ever a crossover between Master Chief from Halo and Darth Vader from Star Wars, what would be a good plot for it?
Did William Golding get the concept of Terror and Virtue from Robespierre?
What does it feel like to work and live in New Zealand as an immigrant?
If you could go back in time and change something in your life, what would it be?
How are apps sold and marketed differently to men and women?
Why is the rectangular cloth of american flag on moon landing standing straight and not falling under the influence of lunar gravity? Was it framed on the four sides of rectangle or some other reason?
Why do we get the sensation of pins and needles when we cut off circulation to our extremities?
How does pixie Bluetooth tag work and how accurate is it?
What are the character limits for questions and question details on Quora?
Does light carry the existence of a dead star, and as that light passes in every direction and does it continuously die as it travels farther?
What religions are similar to Umbanda, Candomble and Santeria, outside of the Americas and Africa?
I passed 10+2 in 2012. I have 4yrs. gap after that. Can I pursue B.Tech in (CSE) course and get assured/guaranteed job after 4yrs? What else can I do?
How do the teachings, learning, followership and/or fellowship of Hinduism, project, propel and propagate the master-slave ideology [un,sub] consciously?
What is the climate of California's coastal regions, and how does it compare to the climate in Wyoming?
What were the most creative, successful and daring intelligence operations, involving deception, after 1980?
What causes black mold and how can it safely be eradicated?
Did Paul Manafort arrange Russian help for Donald Trump and now Trump is worried that it may be discovered?
What were the major contributions of the political leaders during WW1, and how are the compared to the ones during the Revolutions of 1848?
What are the norms prescribed for small banks and payment banks in India?
Does the spirit world exist? If yes, who is the initiator and controller of this spirit realm?
What does bok choy taste like and how can it be used in recipes?
What is the difference between a girlfriend and a girl friend? Or a boyfriend and a boy friend?
If I sent an email to a professor with a question about a class I'm taking with them in the fall, and I don't hear back from them in almost two weeks, should I send another email?
What happens to all the feathers? (of turkeys and chickens sold for food)
How do I stay hopeful and active when I am unemployed?
How would be the economic relationship between India and America if Hillary Clinton becomes the President?
What would be the best resources and ways for a 15 year old to learn programming?
I want to start getting into computer programming and game development. Where can I start?
What does a rate hike have to do with the US dollar and how does that then affect gold prices?
My message on Facebook is 'sent' and not delivered. Does it mean he ignored it?
What is the difference between a first party issued and a third party issued American Express credit card?
What is lambda function in Python and why do we need it?
Is there any ways to tell when to use the plural form and when to use the singular form, or if the noun has a plural form or not?
Why are my messages marked as \"sent\" and not \"delivered\" to one person for hours on Facebook Messenger?
An ex from two years ago is bad mouthing me and people seem to be avoiding me. What can I do?
Scientific Research: I sent an email to a professor to ask him to work on a research project this summer and he asked me to send a CV so he can help me. It has now been 6 days and I didn't receive any other reply. What's going on?
What is a good inpatient drug and alcohol rehab center in Washington County NC?
What happens when a criminal defendant represents himself and is unwilling to follow court procedures (e.g. with contempt-type behavior)?
If K&N air filters are so good, why don't all car and bike manufacturers use it?
How would a battle between The Sentry and the Main Man Lobo (Pre52) play out in your opinion?
What is the best/easiest way to reach and approach venture capitalists? How can one get funded?
Why do clementines from Maroc now taste awfully bad and have started to look like growing orange tumors after the BP spill?
How long is there going to be a tension between Russia and NATO? Will it end one day? If yes, when?
If someone blocks you on whatsapp and you delete contact and re add contact on phone does this unblock?
Do the Polish hold any resentment towards the British and French for betraying them during and after WW2?
I have full time offers from Groupon and Amazon in India for the role of SDE 1. Which one should I join?
The Earth moves in space-time and transforms it on the way. Does it loose energy doing so?
What's the difference between \"factory unlocked\" and \"factory unlocked by Apple\"?
How should I manage my studies to get rank under 1k in JEE advanced 2107 and get 8.5 CGPA at BITS Pilani (dual degree)?
How can the drive from Brooklyn to Staten Island be described, and how do these cities' tourist attractions compare to other tourist attractions?
I told my boss my grandpa was in the hospital, and he went to my brother\u2019s work later and asked him about it. Do I lie about that again or come clean?
What exactly is the group anonymous and how does one join?
What is your favorite English movie and why is it your favorite?
Will Roger Federer return to form and break Pete Sampras' number of grand slam titles won?
My hand got cut by a compass and started swelling. I got the tetanus shot today and got hurt before 3 days. What is happening and what should I do?
How are the laws regarding self defense weapons enforced in Australia and how do they compare to the way they're enforced in Slovakia?
Why does life have to be fair and just, or why not ?
Do consultancy firms like McKinsey & Co, BCG, Bain and Strategy& in India hire PhD graduates from India?
I've taken a drop for NEET 2017 & joined Aakash. Apart from NCERT and Aakash material, which \"good\" reference books should I buy for MCQ?
Can my mom come abroad with me or it will create problem? Her name is Meenu, but after marriage in-laws changed her name to Swati, now my certificates and passport have Swati written and her certificates before marriage say Meenu on certificates. Can it be a problem for us?
I have a crush on a co-worker but we don't work in the same team and have no communication whatsoever. How can I ask her out without coming off as creepy or spoiling work place relations?
What is the best application to learn C and C++ from the basics?
What should I know before starting a YouTube career and earning money as a YouTuber?
Is a laptop with 4GB RAM, 2GHz quadcore processor, and a dedicated graphics card AMD Radeon R5 2GB, enough for gaming?
Chess: What do you do if you are a 1300-1400-ish rated player and find that your ability to climb up has saturated?
What is the difference between front end and back end website development?
How do I get rid of dandruff and itchy, paining scalp?
I am interested in being a data scientist. Currently I am pursuing an undergraduate double major in physics and computer science. Would it be better for me to go to graduate school in physics or computer science?
What are the most interesting products and innovations that Journey Energy is coming out with in 2016?
How do I search if any of my friends and relatives are here on Quora?
What are some unusual aspects about politics and government in the Bahamas?
During action scenes and car chases in movies, do they actually destroy and damage so many actual cars or is it some visual effect or are some dummy cars used?
What is the job market like for social work and speech therapists? I am trying to choose between the two.
How is it that meal worms and larva from various pantry moths are able to chew through cellophane and plastic packaging containing my food?
To women: how would you react if man seemed desperate for a girlfriend and offered to pay you to be his girlfriend?
I had unprotected sex (but he didn't cum) on Dec 23 and my period came on Jan 3, am I pregnant? (my last period was on December 3)
Do you think Delhi public made a mistake and elected Kejriwal as the CM?
A big misunderstanding occurred betwwn my female bestfrnd and her friend because of me what should id o?
What is trickle charge and how does it help the cellphone battery?
What are the differences between the Republicans and Democrats when it comes to the economy, and why do you think that the one you support is better?
I believe that the British people today are trully uncaring and unthoughtful about the past, than the Brits who cared about the Empire 40 yr ago. yes?
Is the antigravity electric lifter better and cheaper than traditional rockets for getting to space?
How do the books in the Harry Potter series differ from the movies and what is highlighted in the books that isn't present in the movies?
If a student clears Prelims in 1st attempt in UPSC and fails in Mains then in next attempt he should only attended Mains? Or both together?
How do individual cells know they are a part of a system and whether or not to stop or start producing new cells?
Some people usually say movies require less imagination and prefer reading books instead. What is your opinion?
What is the maximum height one can jump from and land on a hard surface without getting hurt?
Who are the 7 warlords in \"One Piece\" and how were their characters designed for the anime series?
WIll US banks accept and exchange discontinued 500 and 1000 Indian rupee notes?
Why did USSR let Germany unite and the U.S. has kept Korea divided?
Is there seperate jar files for each eclipse version and how can I download jar files?
Which are three most powerful companies of pharma, automobile, it,bank and fmcg that has highest potential of fast growth, highest chance of growth of stock price in future on the basis of current situation?
What should I do? I started dating a 22 year old guy who has no job and is a HS drop out. But, that's not the issue here.
What isthe best collar and leash for a 4 month old labrador?
Why are ads allowed in the venues and uniforms of the Paralympic games and not in the Olympic games?
How much Non Residential Indians have trust on Indian online fashion stores i mean safety, quality and commitments in-compare to other countries? Will they buy from them fearlessly? Is there any store who offers to pay on delivery options?
What are the disadvantages of getting flu and cold shots in winter?
Is it hypocritical to praise a Canadian Akshay Kumar as a patriot and simultaneously accuse a bleeding heart patriot like Aamir Khan as anti-India?
Who invented the compound light microscope, and what was the importance of this invention?
If the planets are orbiting around the sun because of curvature and revolve in a flat orbit then why are the orbital paths of Vesta, Ceres, Pluto, and Eros tilted upward or downward?
What is the difference between a WWAN card and a WLAN card and how is each best used?
What is the difference between a tree and a forest in graph theory?
I'm a Program Manager for Enterprise Software Products and interested to move towards Consumer Software / Hardware products, How do I make this transition and how do I convince my potential employers about my lack of consumer products experience?
Why don't Hindus have a separate country as Muslims and Christians have separate 35 and 40 countries for them?
I am a 24 year old guy. Can be termed as a closeted person and I think maybe I am bisexual. should I come out to my friends?
Is liposuction a safe and right way to remove excessive fat?
What are some of the most important and scientifically supported theories of psychology?
Which are the countries who have invaded, occupied Philippine and committed atrocities to Philippines people in the past 200 years history?
What is the difference between cinematography and the screenplay of a movie?
Have you ever been on a date with someone you really liked and they said or did something to completely turn you off forever?
Why is lemon juice made with artificial flavor, and dish washing liquid made with real lemons?
I think I have a great idea for an indie game but I am young (15 y/o) and do not have any kind of team or access to game-making technology. However I am confident in my idea and I think people will really like my game. Where should I begin and what platform would be the best for my game?
Should a single depressed woman marry and have children if she's planning to kill herself?
When will season 7 and 8 of Heartland be on Netflix?
What is meant by comparative anatomy and how does it support the theory of evolution?
How many shells does the Abrams Tank Carry and use before running out?
What are ionic bonds and how are they formed and by what?
How safe is Papua New Guinea, and how does it's crime rate compare to Albania's?
Which thing comes once in a year and twice in a month?
Can I run a double boot with windows 10 and Ubuntu in 1 GB of ram with core two Dous processor?
Is it okay if I learn piano and guitar at the same time?
Does Sheldon, Penny, Leonard and Howard know about the 'caste' of Rajesh Koothrapalli?
I have a laptop with 4gb RAM, AMD A8-6410 APU with AMD Radeon R5 Graphics and Radeon R5-M230 2.5gb vram, will I be able to play assassins creed unity with these requirements?
How do you say \"Do you have a passport and visa?\" in simplified Chinese?
What sorts of psychological effects did Nazi concentration camp guards and workers go through as a result of their work?
How does it feel to be a guy and have an attractive younger sister?
Why are countries in South America and Africa not properly developed? What can be done?
Why hasn't evolution gradually reduced the pain and mortality during human childbirth?
Is there any correlation between the speed of light and the rate of expansion of the Universe?
Is it normal for me in a Codeforces contest to be able to solve div 2 B, C, and D, but not be able to solve problem A?
How are call signs used in the United States military and what do they mean? How does Japan's military compare?
What are the similarities and differences between calculus and real analysis?
What is the difference between depreciation and devaluation of a currency?
What has been your most unexpected betrayal and what did you learn from it?
Difference between the East India Company rule in India and subsequent British Rule (1858-1947)? Was there any difference besides the name change?
Does Catholic restrictions on abortion and family planning explain the levels of Mexican and Latino immigration to the United States?
What happened to ben randall and his voice recognition app Utter?
I am 25 year old guy and never had a girlfriend. Is this weird?
I am taking Chem in high school. I found that I really enjoyed the units in atoms and things relating to them. What should I major in at college?
What is cultural diffusion in sociology and what are some examples?
What are some local laws in regards to nudity in Vermont, and how do they differ from nudity laws in Massachusetts?
Is Elon Musk more revolutionary and remarkable than Steve Jobs and Bill Gates?
How do I test my level of IQ, and how do I improve my IQ?
Some Americans refer to their sitting president simply as Barack Obama and yet they refer to former President Bush as President Bush. Why do they do that?
My birth date is 19th May 1995, birth time is 5:20 am and place of birth is Anjar in Gujarat (Male). Can anyone give me future prediction?
How should one act or react when he/she wields great influence in a social group and is thus treated differently from the rest of the members?
I am a candidate from OBC background. I have got 84 percent in 10th standard and 89.6 percent in 12th standard. What should be my ideal CPI in college and the CAT score to get into IIM A, B, C?
What does the \"epitome of perfection\" mean and what would be some good examples?
If I activate reliance to reliance plan and then after can I activate call cutter?
What are the strongest majors in terms of job prospects and what are the weakest majors at Tulane University?
I am facing stomach gas, alternate diarrhea and constipation, and all blood tests are normal. The doctor says it's IBS and I am not able to attend college for 2 months. What do I do?
I'm attracted to fair and white skinned girls. Am I racist?
Is there any difference between a technical and non-technical in the Indian Army in terms of respect and pay scale?
How can I increase the independence of my left and right hands while playing keyboard?
What will my rank in JEE be if I scored 50 marks in my Mains and 95 percent in Andhra Pradesh Board?
What are some unknown facts about fast and furious movie series?
What is the difference between a nickname and a callsign? Do people with a callsign have a different nickname?
When will the next Google Pixel C be released and what new features will it have?
My fiancee broke up with me 2 months ago. I have lots of guilt and not able to recover from that. What should I do?
What is the difference in tannins and caffeine between pu-erh, oolong and black tea?
Do Westerners (Americans, Europeans) perceive Chinese and other East Asian people to be ugly in appearance?
How much cement, grit stone and sand is required in 6 mm thin floor for 100 sq meter?
Pakistan has never won any wars, but their generals and military officers wear a lot of medals. How is this possible?
What is the compatibility of a Gemini man and a Gemini woman, romantically?
If someone blocks me on snapchat, and I open our message history and take a screenshot, will it send them a notification?
How did the US arrive at 110 volts and much of Europe 220 volts?
How much of Harry Potter and The Cursed Child was written by J.K. Rowling?
What are some current issues that impact the health and wellness of populations in the US?
What is the hourly rate for a contractor (business analyst and quality analyst) on a state project?
The nucleus of an atom is found out to have a total mass of nearly 20.088 \u00d710^-27 kg and a total charge of 9.612 \u00d7 10^-19 C . What is the number of nucleons?
What is it like flying from Bangkok to Manila and how are these touristic cities compared to Bengaluru?
I scored 55 as an overall score in PTE, 56 in listening; 58 in reading; 56 in speaking and 57 in writing. How can I score 65 in all section?
What is the difference between \"Jaya\", \"Ajaya\" and \"Vijaya\" in Sanskrit language?
Is President Obama considered black -- considering his mother\u2019s white and he was not raised by a black family? Why or why not?
What are the best books for learning concepts and numerical practising in strength of materials?
What's the difference between T-Mobile and MetroPCS? Both are owned by the same company and use the same towers. Why should I pay more for T-Mobile service?
What are the strongest majors in terms of job prospects and what are the weakest majors at Murray State?
If we could travel at the speed of light and in time? How can we make sure that none of our body atoms get left behind?
If you were wearing a bullet proof mask and got shot, how much would it hurt?
What if all bottled water were poured out and put back into the natural water cycle?
What do you think of Narendra Modi and his team? Honest answers please
Which Aloe Vera plants are edible and how do they benefit your health?
What are the minimum marks required on the NIFT entrance exam (both the first phase and second phase combined) to get admission into the NIFT in B.Des undergraduate program?
Is it weird that I'm 15 and I like to watch documentaries?
Gluons are basically massless energy particles that are proton and neutron glue in a nucleus. Is this a fair statement?
How come it takes so long to connect devices to nearby devices (Bluetooth pairing and WiFi routers), when connecting devices to the web servers worldwide seems relatively instant?
Is it worth buying an external SSD hard drive for storing source files and rendering to via USB 3.0 for video editing?
What is the difference between an asteroid and a comet? What are the compound materials that make them?
What's the cheapest place from which to buy bulk rice and beans in the Fairfax, VA area?
How many suppliers, including secondary and third party suppliers, do car manufacturers use to build one vehicle?
How can I teach the difference between fruits and vegetables to my kindergarten kid for her exams?
What are the differences between formal and informal conversation? What are some examples?
I earn INR 30k/month. After paying rent I save around 10k. How can I save and invest so that after 10years I get a monthly interest of around 6k?
Can TP-Link TL-WN722N be used for packet sniffing and packet injection in Kali Linux?
Where is Mount Villarica located and how does its eruptive history compare to Mount Etna?
If 2 opposing extremes of a language scale were Lisp and Haskell what would the sensible median be?
My cousin told me I should vote green (so they get more funds) because I live in a red state and my vote for Hillary won't do much. Is this true?
Did you ever meet two friends who had a 'brother-sister' relationship and later got committed? How weird does it get when you find out?
What happens to leftover soaps and other free items in hotel rooms after you check out?
What books can I use to learn software engineering and computer science? (Okay in maths)
If you simply run a mile a day and eat well, will you lose weight?
What happens after I train and than cool down and train again after one hour?
Why can't the Indian government print as many currency notes it wishes and clear the fiscal deficit? For that matter why can't any country in the world do the same?
What is the difference between a circle and the circumference of a circle?
I am not able to sleep at nights. I go to sleep at 6am and wake up late. How do I avoid this bad routine?
How are the laws regarding self defense weapons enforced in Australia and how do they compare to the way they're enforced in the Philippines?
How is Baleno Sigma petrol? I can only afford this and my budget is this much only?
Why do so many people believe in God and an afterlife when there is no evidence whatsoever of such things?
Who are descendants of Wernher von Braun and what is life like for them?
What are some major landforms in Texas, and how do they compare to the most famous landforms in Washington?
How do people stay continuously energized and focused on less than 8 hours of sleep every day?
Why are both South Indian men and women advised not to have bare foreheads?
What would happen if someone smeared poop on her tampon and then inserted it into her vagina?
I installed an update on my Galaxy J5 from PC (Smart Switch) and when I try to power it on it starts to go green and nothing shows up. What do I do?
What are the differences between the Audio Technica ATH-M20X, M30X and M40X? Are there any major differences, or would the M20X do just as well?
If two siblings with the same biological mother and father took an ancestry DNA test would their results be identical?
Can a person be good in Physics and still not get good grades?
Should do I job to escape from daily taunts and scoldings from my parents?
Who are the best Indian traders and investors to follow on Quora?
What are some handsome and most attractive looking clothes for men?
What is your favorite sport and why do you like it so much?
How can we be certain that vaccines are safe and that the research isn't slanted and fabricated by vaccine companies to suit their interests?
I use Chrome as my browser on Android. When I use multi tasking and switch to other apps for more than 1 or 2 mins and come back again on it, it refreshes the whole page. Why can't I start from where I left it?
Why do I read sentences over and over again while reading a book and how can I avoid this?
Mahabharata (Hindu epic): Was the friendship between Karna and Duryodhana genuine or was it being used by Duryodhana for his own selfish purposes?
Tax Law: May a single member LLC use Form 1065 and Schedule K-1 instead of Schedule C?
I'm currenty persuing MBA in foreign trades (2nd year) and looking for internship in Pune. Can someone suggest me few internship options?
What is it to be self-aware, and what are some examples of self-awareness?
Do English native speakers put a \"w\" after \"do\" when pronouncing \"doing\" and other words like \"tuition\", \"fluctuate\", etc.?
Why don't Singaporeans do their groceries and eat out in Johor Bharu (Malaysia) where it's much cheaper?
I got placed in Amazon today as a Device Associate.I want to know what Work I have to do exactly and what is the growth in future in Amazon or in any other company If I switch to any other company?
Why are so many people actually supporting Trump and why do so many of the people seem not to care about all the bad things he does?
Why do many Indian military personnel have such large egos and an air of contempt towards civilians?
How do France's economic activities compare and contrast to those of Bolivia?
Why are my eyes going deeper and deeper inside my face?
I'm SSC passed, can speak good English and have the basic knowledge of computer and Internet, what type of job can I get?
Dating and Relationships: There is a girl in my karate class. She is beautiful. She always looks at me curiously and she always looks at what I've done. One day she showed her friends to me. But I am too shy to look at her face or speak. But I love her. How do I express my love?
What would you do if you had a billion dollars, and wanted to spend it most efficiently on improving the world?
Why does a marriage have to be consummated to be legal and what are the legal consequences for arranged marriages?
What are the pros and cons of having rabbits as pets?
What is the ideal height difference between a man and a woman to make a good looking couple?
How did religion change as a result of colonialism and Western influence in the Middle East and Asia?
Is America still the land of the free and the home of the brave?
If I were to write an eBook, what kind of genre and story would really get you off your seat? What kinds of stories wake up your attention?
What are the 5 best Cirque du Soleil songs and from which show do they come?
I cannot live in the present. Even if I live in the present after some time I start thinking about the future and I face a lot of difficulties to come back to normal. I am not able to stay long in present how much ever I control. This is turning out to be a serious problem for me. What can I do?
What is unusual or different about the food and cuisine in Azerbaijan?
What is the difference between a neutrino and an electron neutrino?
So my friend who says he's straight gets all touchy-feely with me. I like him and he knows I'm gay. How do I go about this?
What is it like to work at Target.com in India and the US? How competitive is it compared to Amazon.com and Walmart?
What is use of IFSC bank codes and where from to get it?
What happens to upper management and regular employees if a company is merged with a competitor?
What are the different types of beers and what do they mean - lager, strong ale, pale ale, wheat, witbier, stout - and what's the difference in taste?
What are the strongest majors in terms of job prospects and what are the weakest majors at Morgan State?
After 4 dates, my guy doesn't seem that into me. He texts a bit, changes his dating profile pic, and has no urgency to see me. Moves slow. Not for me?
Which are the best colleges for electronics and instrumentation engineers if you want to study abroad?
How do I delete the cached data and the misc. data on my BLU Energy X 2 phone?
What are the job prospects for MS graduates in Agriculture and applied economics from USA, in US?
So now that Zack Snyder has announced that Batman and Superman will be united for the Man of Steel sequel,What do you think the plotline will be?
What were the major contributions of the political leaders during WW1, and how are the compared to the ones during the Russian War?
My book says: peristaltic movement takes place in whole of the alimentary canal and this movement will be least in case of rectum?
Police in the United States make a lot of arrests at traffic stops. How do police in countries like Egypt, India, and Great Britain where there are fewer cars investigate crime?
Is Quora open to Google or other search engines, and can unregistered users see answers?
How can I make money online? I know HTML/CSS and Javascript. I have a laptop and a 100 dollars. What new skills should I learn as well?
I'm not happy with my boyfriend, but I love him a lot. He doesn't understand me and he won't get my feelings. What should I do?
What should i write in marks in cat exam form? My 10th marksheet have marks and grades for 5 subjects but only grades in another 3 subjects.
How do I start in finance and business as a math and cs undergrad?
What were the major effects of the cambodia earthquake, and how do these effects compare to other earthquakes?
My boyfriend doesn't trust me. He is also upset with me and not talking to me properly. What should I do to get things back to normal?
What is the best way to get Gems and Coins in Hungry Shark World?
Mathematical Puzzles: A car covers 1/3 of the distance with a speed of 20 km/hr and 2/3 of the distance with a speed of 60 km/hr. What is the average speed?
I'm working in a power plant as an electrical maintenance engineer for 2.5 years and now I want to become a design engineer. What are the options that I have?
Is the US really going to copy the Chinese Great Wall to build a wall between the US and Mexico? And would it become a tourist attraction site?
I want to buy a new laptop. I am confused between Dell and HP though the configuration is same and the price is almost the same. Which company should be prefered and why?
I would like to import tactical clothing and gear from 5.11 tactical and some airsoft guns.How do I do it from India?
Do electric radiators emit radiation (at harmful levels)? I sleep pretty close to my radiator and I notice lots of static builds up on my sheets?
I am preparing for CAT since 1 year. Today, I gave my first mock and I got only 17/100 questions correct. Where should I die?
Why are Indians begging on streets and temples when they can do other jobs?
What are excellent tips for me to pass differential equations class and any excellent website any of you would recommend to study?
Is it possible that black hole is a tunnel which transfers matter and energy to other parallel universe?
I'm planning to export products from Kenya to Dubai and Asia. What are the challenges?
Why has Myanmar sometimes been described as one of the least developed and most corrupt countries in the world?
Why do certain websites like Best Buy and Amazon ask to add products to cart before showing their price?
What is the word for uncle and aunt, similar to 'parents' used for mother and father?
Why do the British spend so much money and time on their royals?
Can I learn Portuguese, Spanish and French at the same time?
What are the most interesting products and innovations that Ball is coming out with in 2016?
What is the nearest airport to Daytona Beach, and how do this cities tourist attractions compare to Helena's?
Why did American voters narrow it down to Hillary and Trump in the presidential election?
Will Martian Manhunter and Lady Shiva be included in the DCEU?
How many phalanges are in the human hand and what are their function?
Which English songs would you like to listen to again and again without getting bored?
I am interested in neural engineering, neuroscience and artificial intelligence. Is there any relation between these three fields?
When should we go for abstract class and interface with real life example?
How do I overcome with negative and depressive thoughts and to be positive?
What is the Best portrait and landscape lens for Nikon D 750?
I get bored too easily and lack a focus on something. What do I do?
Is it possible to see who viewed and watched your Facebook video? How?
How much does a business and technical consultant earn in Hitachi?
What is the difference between ego, pride, self respect and being down to earth? What are the causes of them all?
Who has the overall (victory, capability, projection, and best fighting force) best military in the world?
What are things people should buy in USA and bring to India which are innovative, useful and not available in India? Something from Amazon
What is an example of an epic and awkward love story?
What is an objective claim, and how does it differ from a subjective claim?
Would career women use a small and convenient robot chef to cook meals?
I made some stuffed peppers for the first time recently and they came out soggy. How do I avoid making them so wet?
Why did Linus Torvalds change the Linux code name to \"Linux for Workgroups\" and modify its boot logo to one that depicts a Tux holding a flag with a symbol reminiscent of the logo of Windows for Workgroups 3.11?
I am a men and I am facing a big problem of the pimples on my face it's weeding season and I am not geeting the solution to how to get rid out ofthis?
What is the general perception about India and Indians around the world?
I am slim with a big belly. I need to gain more muscle and loose belly fat. Should I firstly get rid of the belly fat and after that gain muscle?
Have you been religious and lost your faith? How did you cope?
Hello. I am a 13 year old boy. My mom is 5'2 and dad is 5'4. I am 5'5 right now. How tall will I be?
Is it possible to change domain names and not lose your rank in google seach rank?
I saw a shirt for  dollar 97. I borrowed  dollar 50 from mom and  dollar 50 from dad. I bought the shirt with  dollar 3 of change. I gave  dollar 1 to mom,  dollar 1 to dad, and kept  dollar 1 for myself. Now I owe my mom  dollar 49 and my dad  dollar 49.  dollar 49+  dollar 49= dollar 98+my  dollar 1= dollar 99. Where did the other  dollar 1 go?
When I eat outside food, I sometimes get belching (sour) or burps and I have loose stools sometimes. My endoscopy revealed nothing wrong Whats wrong?
What is the best training institute for CCNA routing and switching course in Bangalore?
Am in Turkey and would like to apply for a Foreigner country and my resident permanent will end after a month what are the best Legal thing to do?
Where can I rent a big apartment in Seattle and not pay too much money?
What are the most underrated TV shows ever and why are they underrated?
I am an accountant and I want to change careers. I like business process improvements and computer programming. I like to invent and design new ways of doing things efficiently, and build the product hands on. I do have artistic qualities as well. What kind of job(s) should I consider?
Among the Honda City, Hyundai Verna and Nissan Sunny which car is better?
Would you agree with Team Packers and Movers is the best Packers and Movers in Bangalore?
Is it a good practice to remove the laptop battery and use a direct power source when at home or work?
Is there really a health difference between Marlboro and American Spirit cigarettes?
Why do we need to step up voltage for transmission and step down for distribution?
In the film universe of Alien (1979) and Aliens (1986), are the ships hyperspace or warp speed capable?
What is your favorite quote and your explanation of what it means?
How bad can a lower back pain and sore breasts get?
What are some of the best films and TV shows that feature strong female protagonists?
How were Saddam Hussein and Osama Bin Laden involved in the 9/11 attacks?
If a recipe calls for 2 1/2 cups of flour and you want to make five times the recipe, how much flour do you need?
When Vince McMahon passes WWE to his children, Shane and Stephanie, will they be the same kind of out-of-touch micromanagers that their dad is?
What would happen if Earth lost its gravity for like 5 seconds and gained it immediately after 5 seconds?
Why would a prescription that includes Barbiturates, Caffeine, and Advil kill a migraine in less that 10 minutes when nothing else worked?
Why is Harry Potter's patronous a stag and not a doe? Didn't he love his mother enough?
Is it normal to feel weak and tired after donating blood?
I have a job offer from Microsoft that I have accepted (MSIT to be precise). It has been about a month since I accepted the offer and I am nearing my start date. In context of the upcoming layoffs, should I decline the offer?
How is it possible for teachers to adopt different teaching methods and techniques to keep students engaged?
What tattoos do you have that you regret and why do you regret getting the tattoo?
I am getting ece at iiit pune (est.2016) temp. in campus of college of engineering, pune and also getting cse at bit Patna. which one to choose?
Did fighting alongside minorities in the World Wars, Korea, and Vietnam change the opinions of many prejudiced white soldiers?
How does Julian Assange (Wikileaks founder) earn a living and attract people to work for him?
I easily get nervous in front of a girl I love and end up being a dumb boring person how i Ian overcome this thing?
What are some of the most important inventions created by the Assyrian empire, and how do these compare to those of the Afsharid dynasty?
How do I get the date and time of stopped EC2 instance?
What is the history of the Glassboro train station, and how does it compare to Kenwick station?
I want to be a child psychologist , what qualification do i need to become one? Are there good and reputed psychology Institute or Colleges in India ?
What is a good itinerary for visiting Colorado, Oregon and Washington for a one week trip?
Is there a major difference in power between Royal Enfield Bullet 500 and Classic 500? Does the 1.2 BHP really make a difference?
Who to get rid of dark spots on face and back by pigmentation?
When I check my email on my phone using cellular data and there is no new mail, does that process consume any data? Why?
What are the legal separation laws in PA and how do they compare with the ones in Washington?
Doesn't need my life and I want to die what should I do?
I need to write a small script. Do you guys have any idea what funny things happen when a girl who is not ready to get married, but her parents are forcing her to meet one guy and she finally agrees (she had some plans in her mind if the guy likes her, she will do some weird things to kick him out)?
I turn around to look at her she looks back at me for 1 second then looks away and then asks \"why are you staring at me\"?
If my brother is vaping weed in his room and I walk past his room, will I get high?
How is it possible to love and hate a person at the same time?
I have very bad teeth because of bad habits in my early 20s and Its effecting my confidence not being able to smile what can I do?
What is it like when you and all of your siblings are hikikomori?
Why do homeopaths are paid, go to medical conferences, open schools, do research, and still there is no scientific evidence that homeopathy does work?
What exactly is brain gut axis and how is it related to various gut pathologies?
A white person and a black person are both dying. If all else is identical and you are absolutely forced to choose between them, who would you save?
How do banks like Goldman Sachs, JP Morgan, Morgan Stanley, and Deutsche Bank get started? Are any new banks being started?
What are the names and years of generations that have existed from and still exist from the 19th century until present day?
How is the ionic equation for magnesium nitrate and sodium carbonate determined?
How do I get clients for a website designing and development company in India?
What previous knowledge do I need to understand and start using AI libraries such as TensorFlow or AI modules in Matlab?
How many books did you read last mont,h and do you read using an e-reader or only hard print books?
They say that if Modi comes in power, the market will open and there will be lot of core engineering jobs. Is this true? Why so?
Why do we associate feelings with the heart and reason with the brain?
What is a consecutive calendar day and how is it related with the Japanese calendar?
Are both UY Scuti and VY Canis Majoris the same stars?
Why don't I remember movies and books shortly after having watched/read them?
What can an individual or a family or a business in Armenia do today to prepare and adapt for the coming impacts of climate change?
I am currently doing the NEBOSH International Diploma and currently working in a construction company. I have 3 years of experience. What should my salary be?
In a PwC interview, what reason can you give for why us and not the other big 4 if you have no preference?
I fell in love with my friend-with-benefits. I let him know, and he told me that we cannot be in a relationship. What should I do now?
Why are so many men more interested in pleasing their controlling, rude, and nasty mothers than a woman they claim to love, who is none of those things?
How can someone make turning 16, 18 or 21 exciting and not as scary as they think it is?
I prepare the dough for the rotis in the night around 10:30 PM and keep it in refrigerator. for making rotis in the morning around 6-7 AM. Is it in anyway harmful?
What is the name of the book about a human girl who marries a half troll king and she ends up falling in love with him? She also ends up finding him and saving his life after he is kidnapped.
I keep getting in trouble. I'm told it's because I'm too \"strong-willed\" and combative. How do I change my personality so this won't happen anymore?
I have girlfriend who is very loving understandable and caring but I think I dont love her, Just overcome my loneliness.Should I continue/leave her?
What are the most interesting products and innovations that American Capital Mortgage is coming out with in 2016?
If I decide to consume zero salt from today, eat only home cooked food, and continue for a month, what will happen to my body at the end of the month?
Which phone is better between Moto e3 power and Moto g turbo for normal use?
My friend went abroad for a few days and is trying to make me jealous. How do I react?
I just have 3 weeks left for my GRE exam and my verbal section is weak. What are some suggestions to improve?
Can a family move to New York City and live comfortably with  dollar 900,000 in the bank?
How does the number of electrons, protons and neutrons determine the characteristics of any element?
How can I get rid of procrastination once and for all? It has made a lot of damage to my life. It has lasted over 15 years.
What is the significance of a Pitru Dosh, Kaal Sarp Yog and Chandaal Yog in a Kundali? How do you identify them?
What was the conflict between Green Arrow and Superman that lead him to lose his hand?
What is the movie you can watch again and again without being bored?
My mother wants to start a small business and has no idea what to do. Her initial capital is 2-3lks. She has been a primary school teacher most of her career and has little to no experience in business. What are some suggestions?
What are the short term and long term effects of taking Zoloft and Wellbutrin simultaneously on a daily basis?
What is the pay scale and pay grade in the education field?
In Moore's law, computing power shall double every 18 months, and the number of transistors should double every year. What makes up for the difference?
Which is the best earphone under 1k with a mic and great bass output for Lenovo a7000, SoundMAGIC es18s, JBL t200a or Sony MDR ex110ap?
Why aren't there matches between men and women in any major sport?
How can the drive from Edmonton to Auckland be described, and how do these cities' attractions compare to those in Victoria?
I am a 14 year old living in a joint family in India and I am sick of the way my family treats me. What should I do?
What is the difference between a global company and a multinational company?
How can I build my professional and social network from my smartphone?
How can I publish academic Books on addiction and sell it in Asian, African, European, and American countries?
What would be an ideal sample size to get a more accurate exit poll estimate for a country like India and how does it compare with the largest exit polls conducted typically?
What is the reason for religious and social movements in modern India?
Have you ever had a dream and that dream came true? What was that dream?
What things would you do if one day you woke up and found yourself invisible?
How can I register my email ID and phone number in an Aadhar card - UID online?
I've finished learning HTML, CSS, and JavaScript basic. What should I learn now?
How do we let know the defence ministry of India to also focus on the Cyber Warfare like China and USA does, we have so many IITans with such good hacking and anti-hacking/firewalling skill?
What is the definition of 'levity' and how is it used in a sentence?
What is the deepest lake in Europe, and how does this lake's flora and fauna compare to that of Lake Skadar?
Is the song \"The Bear and the Maiden Fair\" about Jorah Mormont and Lynesse Hightower?
I have severe neck pain that extends into my back and shoulder, can't move my head. Should I go to urgent care?
How can someone be a friend, girlfriend, wife and a loving ghost all at the same time?
What is the symbol for gravity, and how does Earth's gravity compare to Venus'?
How much can I earn on developing apps for people? I am new to the app developing for others and I don't want to over charge or be under paid. Also, should I sign a contract?
Warren Buffett: I have Berk.A stock. What meetings and activities can I attend in annual meeting of Berkshire Hathaway in May 2013?
What is the risk of selling bitcoin and accepting credit card payment?
When do you use que, como, and cual, in asking what?
How did prophet Muhammad meet and marry his first wife? How old was she?
I recently turned 24 (last week), but still act and think like a child. Is there something wrong with me?
How is XIMB for MBA in finance and what are the profiles and salaries offered to the finance students at XIMB?
What is the difference between right and remedy in common law?
What if Earth is 'the' Hell and we're sent here to repent for our sins?
I would like to know if you are BPD and Bi Polar what is happening?
Which is a suitable inpatient drug and alcohol rehab center near Lake County FL?
Why does someone read my messages and doesn't feel the need to reply?
If my boss owes me money and won't pay me what can I do about it?
If an electron has a charge of -1 and some quarks have fractional charges, what is charge?
Why are American men wearing curly mustaches and beards, don't they have testicles?
How likely is a war between Iran and Saudi Arabia? If this did happen, what would be the result?
Which is the best database to store and analyze big datasets in my personal computer?
What is the best way to learn and be fluent in a language?
How far is Uranus from the Sun and how does its proximity affect the planets characteristics?
Why did Russia, Germany, France and UK enter World War 1?
What is the difference between .Inc, .Co, and Pvt. Ltd. companies? What are the drawbacks of a Pvt. Ltd. company?
What does it mean when cats eat plastic and throw up yellow/white foam?
If black holes pull in all matter due to a high gravitational pull, but light has no mass and also isn't considered matter, how can black holes exist?
What is the best site to to learn data structures and algorithms from video tutorials?
What is a list of companies based on electronics and communication in Bangalore?
Are there any certifications for the capital markets domain? I have just entered the domain as an IT professional and want to switch from delivery to business analysis in the finance domain. Which certification will help me in terms of career growth and change?
What are the most interesting products and innovations that PR Bank is coming out with in 2016?
What happened with the program to limit the food and water consumption per person (calorie count) to minimum survival levels by Israel in Gaza?
What is San Francisco and where do we find it in north America?
Are carbon fiber parts really stronger and lighter than metal parts, AND if yes, how much stronger?
How can I motivate myself and stop wasting time in browsing websites?
Is it possible for a bisexual guy to love a guy and a girl at the same time?
What are some basic technical devices for the public welfare that have not been used in India yet, and maintain a great potential to be launched in India?
What are the major differences between Turkey and other Middle Eastern nations?
I own a multinational company worth  dollar 450 million dollars, and I want to prepare my son to be the future CEO. What should I advise him?
Is energy in vacuum real? How do we know that this energy that can be borrowed and returned immediately is real if virtual particles didn't exist?
How do I find my uniqueness and passion later in life?
What are the strongest majors in terms of job prospects and what are the weakest majors at Hillsdale College?
Why did the USA and Japan go to war in 1941?
Can I upload same video on YouTube and Dailymotion and monetize it. Is there any violation of a content policy?
Would there have been any consequences if Modi's announcement of the banning of 500 and 1000 rupee currency notes would have come before the US elections?
What are the strongest majors in terms of job prospects and what are the weakest majors at Lafayette College?
What kind of things exist in Area 51 and Sector 17 of the US government?
What is contrast potential and kinetic energy? What purpose do they serve?
How is the career in supply chain management and logistics as a fresher?
I want to deploy my Java web application in some online server with DB and Java 8 compatibility. Is there any free server available like this?
How do I commit suicide and make it seem like an accident?
Can I claim a refund for tickets booked through a third-party app and cancelled 3 hours before my journey? (check details)
If I am not able to score and pass easily in English hons then I am not eligible and not even able to succeed in future?
Why can I see both the moon and the sun in the sky?
Does flicking the lights on and off use more electricity than just leaving them on?
Is there a way to import a KMZ/KML program into my own Android app and use it as a layer from the Google Maps API?
How is Microsoft's acquisition of LinkedIn going to help both the companies and LinkedIn's users? Is it a good bet by Microsoft to buy LinkedIn?
I've revealed my insecurities to my girlfriend and she hasn't left me. Is this uncommon?
Are Men polo boots still in style in Houston, Texas and are they worn in the summer time?
My parents are horrible financial managers and are in severe debt. What happens to all their debt when they pass away?
How is state institute of planning and architecture, haryana for b.arch?
How would you tackle the fear and vast size of chemistry for JEE Adv. 2017?
What are the pros and cons of thr Unity 5 Engine?
What are the similarities and differences between Confucius and Mencius and how did they influence China?
What are the differences between elements, compounds, and mixtures? What are their similarities?
What does Germany look like, and how does its geography compare to Greece's?
If source code of Windows was stolen and the thief then flew to Moon, what would be done?
Can I lie to someone just to save myself, and later, after long time, reveal the truth to the same person?
What is the function of a SIM card and how does it affect your phone?
How do I prepare for UCEED 2016? Which books and study materials should I refer to for preparing for UCEED 2016?
What is the flow of learning Java and the resources to learn Java?
Why Indian \"sanskars\" are fading away day by day, and will Western culture fully dominate in India one day?
I am building syntaxnet (tensorflow fork) with bazel and it is very slow. How do I reduce the number of cores it uses (possible solution)?
If Hillary Clinton becomes President and names Bill Clinton Vice President and is then assassinated could he become the President?
You have a single use life re-do device that let's you back up and redo any 24 hour period again. When and how do you use your re-do?
I'm using a connecting flight of Lufthansa and United, do they transfer checked in luggage to the other united flight?
I took a picture using Snapchat (on an iPhone) but I clicked \"x\" and closed it. Where did the picture go?
How are old inmates treated by guards and other inmates in prison?
What is the best budget hotels in Jaisalmer for accommodation of me and my friends in this coming New Year eve?
What are the differences between Asia and Africa? What are the similarities?
How should I plan for JEE 2015 if my Maths is good, Physics is mediocre and Chemistry is at a low with only February and March in hand?
Who are some lesser known important historical figures of Angola and what should people know about them?
What are the best PG courses for BCA (bachelor of computer applications) apart from MCA and I did intermediate in Commerce (Civics, economics, Commerce)?
How do I buy drugs without a prescription in Ireland? I want to continue my treatments and don't want to visit a doctor the next month. Are there any sites?
Introverts don't want to draw people's attention and would love to be a silent observer in a group. Is introversion the opposite of ADHD?
Should I follow up on a job after doing phone interviews with HR and the engineering manager (it's been two weeks since I've heard anything)?
Why does oxygen become negative when it forms less than two bonds, and positive when it forms more than two, but carbon with three bonds can be positive or negative?
I was in a relationship with someone for 2 years, but we broke up 3 years ago. Now my parents are arranging a marriage for me, and the guy is coming to see me for the first time. Should I tell him about this relationship before he takes a decision in marrying me?
What's the difference between AO Type C and W in the PAN Card application?
Why does the sun rise in the east and set in the west but not the north and south?
What are the best books to endure the pain and become a thougher person? Probably some book about the war?
I want to apply for analyst jobs but before that I thought of upgrading my skill set and started doing online courses for that. Is this the right way?
If God is omnipotent, can he cease to exist and then start existing again by his own will?
What does it mean when a woman I'm acquainted with looks me quickly up and down and also leaves the room after I have entered?
Who really has all the power and directs the critical decisions of the Earth?
My green card expired 4 years ago and I haven\u2019t been to the USA since 2002. Can I still renew it and re-enter the USA?
Do Indian filmmaker have right /freedom to make those film and allow to be aired in India - anti India or very critical of the govt or its policy?
Why do I miss him the most at night and have a very bad urge to text him and tell him I miss him?
Me and my friends are going to Bangalore for 3 weeks for my official work. What are the best places in and around Bangalore to have real fun in my 3 weekends and party after 5 in the evening in weekdays?
I am in college and I have no money how do I invest and how can I make money?
Why doesn't Lulu open up outlets in Bombay and thrash mediocre competition like Reliance fresh and D Mart since they already are hugely successful in the Middle East and providing stiff competition to a retail giant such as Carrefour?
For a small developing country does buying cheap goods from other country and not using own's country product hamper the country's economy?
What are the job prospectus' after MS in Electrical and Computer Engineering in New York Institute of Technology (NYIT)? {I'm an Indian. BTech ECE}
Why the sum of indegree and outdegree is even in graph?
Which company would you choose between Uber and Snapchat at this point in their growth cycles?
I have seen fmab (full metal alchemist brotherhood) and I absolutely loved it. Are there any other animes that are as good or even better than this?
Do radioactive decay and gamma rays affect the electricity? How and why?
What open source software is popular for writing and self-publishing an ebook?
I would appreciate a thorough and complete answer to the following question. What is EQ, and how does it relate to IQ?
How do some Quorans find the time and patience to write such long answers on Quora?
What are the difference between tortoiseshell and calico cats? What are some examples?
Which college is better among Hindu College and Hans Raj College of Delhi University for doing BA (Hons.) in economics?
What can be the reason that in two companies producing 3 types of drinks, having the same price, and the same quantity in bottles, the bigger company creates less revenue than the smaller one?
How do you balance working excessive hours and having time to be there for your family and watch your children grow up?
As an INTJ personality what difficulties do you face and how do you overcome especially as a female?
What does it feel like to be a transgender woman and live discreetly in society?
I want to get married but I am on SSI. Is there a way to do it and not get into trouble for not reporting it?
What are some of the advantages and disadvantages of arranged marriages?
How can you perform jungle squats and what are they good for?
What is the significant difference between hard water and soft water? What are their uses?
What is the name of the profession who buys a business that has been poorly managed then \"fixes\" the company and sells it for profit? And what do you have to learn to do this?
Can Narendra Modi, Rahul Gandhi and Kejriwal all three gather in the Kapil Sharma show?
How many children worldwide carry 5-8 kg of backpack weight to school everyday? What is the impact on their health now and in the future of carrying this much weight? What does WHO say about it?
How can one improve her figure and butt size without so much work out?
How does noncyclic electron transport compare and contrast to cyclic electron transport?
What are some substitutes for oil in brownies and what makes them a good substitute?
How long after USA nuked Hiroshima and Nagasaki did Japan and USA become allies?
Can I use apple cider vinegar as a toner and then patanjali aloe vera gel overnight?
How do I learn how to use self control and get over illogical jealousy?
I was watching a high speed video of a car window being shattered with those tools you use. and was wondering how fast do the cracks that appear, travel? No matter how slow they went in the video, i was unable to see the cracks form? one moment they weren't there and then they were
I'm 18. I just realized I've lived all my life basically hating myself and focusing mostly on others. I also realized it's the reason I feel so hopeless about life. How do I learn to love myself?
What are the major differences between Marketo and ExactTarget for an enterprise?
I have my girlfriend's birthday on the 2nd of October. What are the best and most creative gifts that I can buy/make for her under the budget of Rs 500?
Will mixing of red, green and blue colours give white colour?
Which are the major highways in California and how are they compared to the major highways in Washington?
Why does the color palette of La La Land look so rich and what technology was used to shoot the film?
How do you distinguish the tasks of non-industrial photography and video freelancers who don't work for a company, but for themselves? What are the differences in their work?
What are the most interesting products and innovations that C&J Energy Services is coming out with in 2016?
How long was the boat trip between Norway and England in the time of the Vikings? Was it days or weeks?
What is the Unix shell script for zipping the files and moving to another directory using for loop?
Now that I'm getting older and my looks are fading, what can I like about myself?
I am a 25.5-year-old man from India. I weigh 85 kgs. I am 5'10\". I have fat on my belly and bums. If to lose weight I went on a juice and fruit fast for a couple of weeks, would it be harmful in any way?
What is the difference between Fullmetal Alchemist and Fullmetal Alchemist: Brotherhood?
What is common in Alia Bhatt and Rahul Gandhi as far as L.Q. is concerned?
How can I get list of hardware and paint importers in Bhutan?
Which is better in terms of packages and other parameters: CSE at PESIT South Campus or CSE at NIE, Mysore?
How can the Abrahamic religions evolve and stay relevant when they have all declared their last prophets and codified their dogmas (locked them down)?
What is the difference between static pressure and freestream pressure in aerodynamics/fluid mechanics?
There is a lot about Judaism that I like (such as the depth and breadth of what is considered idolatry). But, I'm not culturally Jewish and don't want to be. Does that mean that I can't follow Judaism?
How were medicines such as insulin, antibiotics and anaesthesia synthesised historically, before modern technology and labs?
Which is a suitable inpatient drug and alcohol rehab center in Adams County CO?
What states make up Tornado Alley and why is it called that?
What are the differences between anki and quizlet? Which is better for words memoring\uff1f
Is real estate investment in an income property less headache and better return in the long-term than investing in stocks/options/financial markets?
Is Indonesia at war and is it dangerous to live there?
Is there a correlation between the formulation of the Object-Oriented programming paradigm and the platonic idea of the \"composition of objects\"?
I want to join Osho's ashram and become a sannyasa for life. What should I do?
What is the general solution for \\frac{dy}{dx} = \\frac{6x^2-2x}{2y-x}[/math], and the particular solution at (0,0)[/math]?
Do you think War might take place between India and Pakistan in view of these surgical strikes?
Almost overnight a couple of my upper molar teeth on both sides have started to feel pointy and hurt my tongue when I speak. What should I do?
What would be the output voltage(in mV) of a load cell (0-20kg) if I apply 2kg, 5kg, 10kg and 15kg weights on it, keeping supply voltage at around 9v?
What are the top high schools of the world and what are their curricula?
How can poetry help us express and understand how we feel?
I'm an Indian and I have a big nose. I am really skinny and I have small lips. Will I ever get a girlfriend?
How did machines change the way people lived and worked in the Industrial Revolution?
How can I growth hack my social network that has only anonymous users and they don't want their friends to know who they are there?
What is the academic pressure and workload at Oakland University like?
I'd like to learn about stocks and eventually learn to invest. Where do I begin?
In the South cooks used to beat biscuits or roll them through a gigantic roller over and over again. Why was it necessary to do this?
What was the most peaceful society and closest to nature in history?
Which are the best office jean brands for boot leg and straight leg with a bit of stretch for a guy slim athletic build waist 34-35, 6 ft tall, 175 lbs?
I am going to sit for IELTS General soon, Can I have your tips and suggestions to deliver it better?
What is the best facial expression and body gestures given by any actor in a Bollywood movie?
What areas, outside of the high-tech companies like Facebook, Google, and Uber, etc., hire computer scientists and software engineers?
I (male) saw my female colleague (Indian) naked by accident and it has now turned really awkward. What should I do now since we can\u2019t change teams?
Which POTUS played a prominent role in US development and made a crucial contribution into people's level of life?
I want to send some parcels overseas. What is the most affordable and reliable courier company in Malaysia?
How many countries does China have as neighbours and with how many of them this country has territorial dispute?
Should I include hobbies and area of interest in my resume?
What is the best way to deal with insecure people who are also emotional and sensitive if one absolutely can not avoid it?
What is the future, salary, and demand for data scientist vs data engineer in U.S.A.?
Do you ever wake up, sometimes in the dead of night, get up for some milk and cookies or a smoke or whatever and think, hold on, this life isn't real?
What are the funniest fiction and non-fiction books that you have ever read?
Which is a good inpatient drug and alcohol rehab center near Richmond County NC?
Why do pretty girls like Alisa Tyler and Nicole Aniston end up in a career of pornography?
What is the Maori Haka dance's cultural significance and roots and when is it performed today?
My spouse thinks our 2.5 year old may have ADD or some elements of Asperger\u2019s and wants her evaluated. Is she worrying too much or onto something?
What is the purpose of NASA and other space research teams and what do we gain by learning anything about planets and galaxies light years away?
What is the difference between 5th lord in 7th house and 7th lord in 5th house in Vedic astrology?
How do plants transpire, and how do you measure this transpiration?
How much do I need to score in each of the four GS papers and the Optional papers to qualify in UPSC Mains?
I have 3.8 years of experience in QA. I have got an offer from Adobe System. What post and package (Detailed CTC) should I expect from them?
What is the procedure to join the Bomb Detection and Disposal Squad after metallurgy engineering?
What is the city of Carolina's nickname and why was it given this name?
I got a job offer for the role of ASE-IT at Accenture and ITIS at cognizant. Which option should I choose provided I want an IT developer job?
Is point 5353 currently under India and why is it so important?
What's the difference between studying in the IITs/NITs and prestigious private colleges?
What kind of economy does Switzerland have, and how is the Netherland's different?
Is consistent Decent score (top 50s in ECE) in Madeeasy and Ace academy test series an indication for Good Gate score?
Was the Wehrmacht just as responsible for the war crimes and atrocities that the Nazis committed?
What causes teeth grinding and clinching? How do I stop it?
Questions for those who work at MKinsey, Accenture, BCG and similar, as well as its clients: Roughly, what is the typical fee charged?
Are there any other commands to list files in UNIX and UNIX-like operating systems besides \"ls\"?
How is BIT Deoghar for CSE ? How are the facilities here and how were the placements for CSE this year?
What makes a developer want to utilize Twilio's technology and be a member of the company's developer community?
Here in town gas is  dollar 1.79 a gal. I took two 5 gal cans and filled them with gas. It cost exactly  dollar 20.00 to fill both up. Wouldn't that be  dollar 2.00 a gal?
Will note 4 get nougat now that note 7 failed and isn\u2019t going on sale anymore?
If I own a private collection of my favorite cars (that I drive sometimes), and I have a daily commuting vehicle, do I have to pay insurance for all of the cars or just my daily commuter?
Can anyone break into my whatsapp account and view my messages even if I keep my password secret and keep deleting all messages and pictures after reading?
Losing weight on a high raw, fairly high fat and carb vegan diet even though calories are more?
My long distance boyfriend wants to go on a weeklong roadtrip with friends, including girls, and he had a sleepover with them yesterday. I'm getting hurt with all of this. Am I right in breaking up with him?
What are some AWS API and SDK tips, tricks and gotchas?
What mechanical software should I learn for robotics and automation besides 3D Cad? How do I make and simulate complex mechanisms?
What is the stats of fitness and nutrition industry in India?
What is the difference between branded generics and non-branded generics in the pharmaceutical industry?
What is the difference between Farsi (Persian) and Dari? Are they mutually intelligible?
Do you think that military men and women should get paid more than celebrities?
Does chemistry have a good scope after MSC? What kinds of jobs are offered except teaching and research? What approximately is the pay scale?
Is any of the Lynda.com Learning Path for Web Designers, PHP Developers, Front-end Developers and Full Stack Developers a realistic guide to follow?
What are the most common traffic convictions in Arkansas, and how does the severity of the convictions differ in California?
I perfer to find a English partner to learn language eachother I am a Chinese girl and I perfer to learn speaking English with WeChat is that ok?
What is a suitable inpatient drug and alcohol rehab center near Chowan County NC?
What's the difference between La Liga, EPL, and UEFA Champions League?
What is the difference between a laser printer and an inkjet printer? How are they similar?
How do I add unlimited lives, coins and moves in my Cookie Jam Game account?
Diabetes: What is Ketoacidosis and how can be avoided & treated?
Should bitter black people be stripped of their citizenship and be deported back to Africa to keep peace?
If I ran 4 runs and the fielder throws the ball but it misses the stump and goes to the boundary, how many runs do I get?
This year I'm going to 10th grade (same school) in high school and I have no friends. Are there any tips about making friends and doing well in school
What was the origin of the Zoroark and Legendary Pokemon card?
If one sales rep has worked on a lead but hast not closed it and the lead is reassigned to a another rep, How should I split the sales commission?
My ex-boyfriend still calls me after his marriage and says that he still loves me. Is this normal? Does it make any sense?
What is the difference between a differential amplifier and an instrumentation amplifier?
Whars the difference between a manufactured home and a modular home and do they very from state to state?
What projects were left unfinished when Alan Turing died, and how would they effect us now if he had finished them?
How can I bypass the blockage of apple and charge my iPhone using unofficial charger?
Can anyone provide the list of best video lecture of world and Indian history for preparation of UPSC?
How do I unlock a PC without knowing and resetting the password in Windows 7?
Would taking Casilan 90 help me lose fat and gain muscle in a month?
Can someone give a comparison between the 3 volume set and 10 volume set of R K Kanodia for ECE? Which is better considering the price difference?
What are the most useful channels and magazine for political science student?
Why are the new generations in India and Pakistan thinking positively about each other?
How can I reduce my body weight, and specially reduce my belly fat too?
Is Xiaomi a brand to trust (comparing it with brands like Samsung and HTC)? What is better: Xiaomi MI3 or HTC Desire 816?
Imagine you wake up one morning, you look in the mirror and you notice your face has changed completely. For better or worse, would that change your attitude?
My AMCAT scores are: verbal: 29 percent, quants: 88.1 percent, and logical: 65.1 percent,computer progr: 68 percent. Can I expect a call from Cognizant or Accenture?
Why does Intel have a market cap of 111 billion when AMD's and NVIDIA's are both less than 10 billion?
What is the crime rate in the Borough of Ealing and how does it compare to Enfeild?
Which is better between iphone 6s and Samsung galaxy note 7?
What will be the price of iPhone 6 on Flipkart and Amazon after launch of iPhone 7 in India?
Do people who have brain disabilities understand reality and the universe in its true essence?
What is a consecutive calendar day and how is it related with the Julian calendar?
What is the (vector) displacement between positions (0.4i + 0.1j) m and (0.8i + 0.6j) m, and the distance between the two positions?
Which are the major highways in California and how are they compared to the major highways in Indiana?
How is bore whole water treated and removed the high salt content (if any)?
What is trade for the trade segment and when can we sell those stocks once purchased?
Hi all, the screen of my Google Nexus 4 has crashed and the touch is also not working. how do I recover or remove all the data from the phone?
Do only engineers of cs and IT branch get high packages?
Why do people force you to love them and once you start loving, they leave you?
What can be imported from China and assembled in India profitably for sale?
Brunch: Where can you get the best steak and eggs in the Bay Area?
If the early Earth\u2019s atmosphere was deteriorating to a certain extent and was hit by a solar storm, could it create the first life?
My father mixed Drano (that has bleach in it) and soda ash/sodium percarbonate. It's in the drain, but will it produce any noxious gases?
Do you think more with the subconcious when you are tired and more with the conscious when you feel good?
What did Dany mean by the dialogue \"Pillar and Stones\" in season 4, episode 8 of \"Game of Thrones\"?
Should I withdraw the 401k from my ex employer and invest in stocks of my own choice other than IRA?
I am a graduate student who will graduate from the university next year. I often feel confused and lost since I don't know what I would like to do and can do. I have no idea what fields of work I can engage in the future. What is some useful advice that can help me have a clear goal?
My fasting sugar is 98, my pp is 110 and hb1ac is 4.8. Why fasting is that high? Recently having lots of anxity.
What are some good strategies to combine full-time work and full-time undergrad studying?
How can I get a Town hall 6 and above account and password for free in Clash Of Clans?
As a woman, if you were to receive the most beautiful letter from a man trying to get back to you after he screwed up, and later you found out the letter was not entirely original, would it change the impact it had on you?
I am in love with a girl I met about 8 years back. she liked me but my indecision in proposing to her then got me rejected. I have been trying to persuade her to marry me and written many emails but she does not reply. should I take it as a face value that she is not interested?
Which one is better in terms of costs, chances of selection and future job prospects for MS in CS: UMass-Amherst or University of Wisconsin-Madison?
What can I do to stop gaining weight while on minoxidil and lose the weight I already gained?
Surprisingly, my answers are being categorized and removed. Am I being forced to tailor my answers (especially the religious ones)?
Where was Daniel when Shadrach, Meshach, and Abednego were thrown into the burning fiery furnace?
What are the differences between CY, CYa and JY in air conditioning types?
Say you are suddenly gifted/cursed with the ability to read minds and you can't turn it off. How would you use/cope with your new power?
I need a software or an application which I can use to write and draw while recording a video of my screen. What app/software would you recommend?
It's said that commutators in DC motors or generators convert AC into DC quantity and vice versa. How would it convert DC into AC?
I told my best guy friend that I like him and he likes me back. what now?
What are Moroccans like, and how does their culture compare to Sudan's?
Where are whatsapp 'sent' pictures and 'profile pictures' filders saved in xiaomi redmi phone?
If ur boy freind is desperate of sex and u r not then how will u manage the realtionship?
I'm an aerospace engineer and I want to make compact safety parachutes for airplane passengers and sell them. Do you think people will buy that?
What are the similarities and differences about God between Christianity and Islam?
What are some good Terms of Service and Privacy Policy generators?
Is overshadowing the problems in Iraq, Syria and Iran, the Israel / Palestinian conflict?
How should a dry throat and swollen lymph nodes be treated?
I wanted to setup server business for file hosting and sharing, so my question is how much a server costs and what all I need to get started?
Do you really think it's better to have loved and lost than to never have loved at all?
The line 2x-y+1=0 is tangent to the circle at point (2, 5) and the centre of the circle lies on x-2y=4. The radius of the circle is?
If someone carries a gun or knife for self defence in England against an attacker and is arrested, would that violate their second amendment rights?
I want to be a physical therapist and I'm 15 where should I start learning?
How should I feel about the fact that other than my mom and dad, I don't miss or want to talk to anyone else (gf, siblings, etc)?
When, and why, did Nick Cohen and Craig Murray stop being friends?
Is it okay to change PhD advisers and sacrifice the topic for better environment and mentoring?
Has someone here asked a question on Quora and answered it themselves?
I'm a medical aspirant of the year 2015. My rank in WBJEE medical is 1789 (general category) and the OBC (non-creamy layer) rank is 119. I wasn't allot any seat in the first counselling round. Can I get into any government medical college?
Is it normal to feel so depressed and angry every time you see a homeless?
Can I sue a bank for wrongly accusing me of identity theft and detaining me in a bank branch?
What are some common examples of non-vascular plants, and how do they compare and contrast to vascular plants?
What would happen when The Joker and Deadpool have a conversation or a fight?
What is wrong in the Indian education system where talented people like Sundar Pichai and Satya Nadella shine only after pursuing a master's degree abroad?
What are some efficient ways to handle a situation when insecurities and fears blow out of proportion from either parties/participants in any event?
How much new vegetation would need to be planted to offset global warming and what kind of plants or trees would be most effective?
What medical insurance does an international students having hemophilia and thaelsemia need to take during PhD in Europe?
What is the secret to believing in yourself and being more self-confident?
Could the Queen mandate a re-vote on Brexit and set a supermajority requirement?
Where can I found skilled, energetic and enthusiastic painters in Sydney?
Which smartphone should I choose between Moto G Gen 2 and HTC 620g or if not both then which one should I purchase in the price range of below Rs.15000?
If I am bipolar should I take meds and what if I can\u2019t work?
What would happen if all national debts were erased overnight, and sovereign borrowing was made permanently illegal?
A cone is filled up to height h/2 above the base.h is the height of cone and base radius is r.To what height does water rise if the cone is inverted?
What are the rules and regulations when visiting an inmate at Valdosta prison and how does it compare to prisons in Delaware?
What are some of your major turn-ons and turn-offs in the opposite sex?
Can anybody get creative ideas for writing and composing music? And if so, how?
Where can I get all types of commercial and domestic plumbing services in Eastern Suburbs?
What are the best winter jackets for temperature of -10 and where can I get them in Coimbatore?
Why are so many questions from students and non-native speakers marked as \"needing improvement\"?
Why is Pok\u00e9mon Ranger and the Temple of the Sea childish?
People talk bad about me behind my back and I have realized it , how should I deal with this?
How can I use Omegle on my iPod Touch and how is it compared to using 6 Rounds?
Is there a possibility we go back to war against ISIS in Syria and more troops are deployed to the Middle East like back in Afghanistan?
What is the difference between powering up a Pok\u00e9mon first and evolving a Pok\u00e9mon first in Pok\u00e9mon GO?
How do I find DC golden and silver age comics for a cheap price?
What is the difference between a republic and a representative democracy?
I keep helping my boyfriend by telling him what I like and don't like but he thinks I am criticizing him. Can I break up with him?
Is there any similarity between the Kashmir insurgency and the terrorism in Punjab in 1980\u2019s?
What led Europeans become so open minded and respecting human rights and equality? What other countries should learn from them?
Who were the people of Europe before the Celtic and Indo-European people came along?
How can I get rid of this pimple and why did I get it?
How many days of the week would anyone practice and improve his or her essay writing skills?
What is something metallurgy and material science engineers know that others don't?
Did the decision of taking out rs 500 and rs 1000 notes by current Indian government a good one or bad one?
I am statrtin a business building and sellibyclecles turnedinto motor bikes?
What is the largest state in India in terms of area and what is its population? How does this compare to the largest state in Mexico?
What are some negative aspects of the lifestyle and culture of Scandinavian countries?
I am 29 years old and I have 6 years of management experience now in IT operations. I had a 1-year gap since the last employment due to family issues and I want to go for a regular MBA. Can I do this? Won't there be any age factor in getting a job after 3 years?
What is SENSEX and Nifty? How does it go up and down?
What are some proofs and arguments against the existence of God?
What is the difference between mHawk and m2Dicor engines offered by Mahindra?
I have huge collections of coins of European countries before Euro and old USA coins. How do I sell them?
Which pictures or animations best illustrate gravity and its effect on the \u201cflatness\u201d of the geometry of the Universe?
What do you think is a border line between a best friend and a boy friend also a girl friend and a good friend?
If the value for all printed currency is known, what is the amount and source of disappearance not attributable to destruction?
What is the difference between \u753b and \u753b\u753b in Mandarin Chinese?
If two or more people jointly own a real estate property and one wants out, can that person force a sale of the property?
How can I manage my exam anxiety before and during state exam period?
What is the Impact of robotics and cognitive intelligence on human resources and shared services?
What are some countries in the eastern hemisphere, and what sort of governments do they have?
How would you catch and receive a ball in the same direction?
How do venture funds assess that proof of concept phase is over and the company now needs funding to grow?
Is there any site where new game makers can post their games and recieve tips ,advice etc on how to make it better?
Why and how did the differences between British and American English evolve?
Can I get MITS gwalior with 95 in JEE and 89 percent in cbse 12?
Why is the sky blue at noon and dark at night?
In which states is it legal for electors to be faithless and could faithless electors change the expected outcome of the 2016 presidential election?
As a prospective ECE or mechanical engineer, I know that I must take HL Math and Physics, but should my third HL subject be, chemistry, CS or Econ?
What are some good examples or case studies of crisis communications and social media in Eastern Europe or the Baltic?
What ingredients are needed and what is the brewing process to make a pilsner style beer and how does this compare to a stout style beer?
Why did Indian government scrap Rs 1000 and 500 note and instead is introducing Rs 2000 note?
Does Google Display Network require any site to have it SEO (on-page and off-page optimized) first before they can proceed with GDN? Is this possible?
If you could ask each stranger you meet any question and were guaranteed a 100 percent honest answer, what would you ask?
Why does wife feel jealous, when husband and mother in law are close?
Which is the largest church in the world and where is it situated?
I have booked ticket through IRCTC tatkal system but my ticket is on TWQL 125 and now is WL82. Is there any chance to get it confirmed?
Why is 120/80 considered normal blood pressure? What's the logic behind 120 and 80? Is that value normal at any age, or does \"normal\" change?
What is an eCommerce business and how do I start one with no money?
What are the best eReaders on the market and what makes them superior?
I am 24 year jobless boy who graduated in IT but has done no good in life.how do I change and how can I get a job in IT industry to make a new start?
What is the labour law of the China and why it is cheaper than India?
What are the capital requirements for KK and GK companies in Japan? (These have changed recently)?
What will be the consequences of stopping Rs 500 and 1000 currency notes on the economy overall?
What is the balanced equation of zinc chloride and silver nitrate? How is it determined?
I'm 18 but my mom insists on logging into my primary email and Facebook accounts on her cell phone. Is this healthy? How should I deal with this?
How are call signs used in the United States military and what do they mean? How does China's military compare?
What are some of your own personal stories and experiences with Taureans?
How do Russian politics and geostrategy affect Australia and New Zealand?
Which is the best book to refer to for CA final audit and should I refer to a practice manual for audit?
Could we create a complete functional inmortal and indestructible brain with bioengineering (or similar) using stem cells for example?
How long was it unsafe to live in Hiroshima and Nagasaki after the atomic bombs were dropped?
What will happen if puppy bites me and there was scratch?
Do wealthy people 'deserve' more and better goods and services than poor people do?
What will happen if I only eat fruits and vegetables every day?
If the domain of f(x) is [6,12] and f(6) =f(12), then what is the domain of g(x) =f(x)-f(x+2)?
What is the economic system of Malaysia, and how does it compare to the one in Cuba?
I am a faculty in a engg college in kanpur and I would like to start a GATE coaching.what should I do?
How good is Jadavpur University for an M.Tech in nuclear engineering? How renowned and qualified are the faculty members? What is the quality of research?
What are the pros and cons about the newer (2010 and up) Toyota Camrys?
I don't understand the mechanics of how the value of money rises and falls in a free floating economy?
I'm 39. I suffer from MIGRAINES SINCE, I was 19yrs old, and diagnosed with FIBROMYALGIA in 2010, I have 5 DEGENERATIVE DISC and SPURRED DISC?
Am I too fat for my age and height? I'm 15 years old.
How do I prepare for the interview at IISc (Indian Institute of Science) for an MS in atmospheric & oceanic science and another one in earth science? What type of questions can be asked there? How is the interview conducted? Is there a written test?
Can anyone give me suggestion and tips for internship in company for 2nd year CSE student?
Is it not possible to increase the GDP number by producing a lot of goods and services without anyone actually consuming them?
How do I plan for Nepal and Bhutan trip from Siliguri, India?
Are Muslims in both Muslim majority countries and western ones getting more and more secular?
Someone told me that Yahoo! was hacked recently and a massive amount of data was stolen. Do I have to change my email service provider?
Does eating too much sugar give you diabetes? I actually do work out and eat healthy for the most part but I'm wondering because I eat a lot of sugar
How do I start an online fruit and vegetable business in India?
How do I show that \u2200x\u00ac(Q(x) \u2192 P(x)) and \u2200x(Q(x) \u2227\u00acP(x)) are logically equivalent or not?
Am I too young to come out as a lesbian? I am in 8th grade and almost 14. I am pretty sure I am a lesbian. Will people think I'm too young?
How much is the US gross public debt as of April 2014, and what has contributed to its increase/decrease?
What are the differences between vanilla essence and vanilla extract? What are the similarities?
What should be the server hosting cost as a  percent of revenue and gross margins for a financial app on SAAS for a sustainable business model?
In the case of a power plant, what is the difference between a synchronous generator and an asynchronous generator? Which is preferred and why?
Is there any processes/work in the oil and gas industry that needs to be automated/digitized?
How should I prepare for IAS? Which books and online sources should I refer for the preparation?
What is best approach for learning about client-side and server-side JavaScript scripting and other web development tools?  Via free webhosting service or my own web server?
Which is a suitable inpatient drug and alcohol rehab center near Limestone County AL?
I want to do a project in cloud computing. What is an easy and feasible topic for my project?
What is the difference between Li-ion and Li-polymer battery? Which one is best?
Why is \"Pok\u00e9mon Ranger and the Temple of the Sea\" movie underrated now?
When a piece of zinc added in the test tube and must have a 50 degree celsius what happen?
How do Americans really feel about Facebook and Goldman Sachs relationship?
Which modules suit me as I completed computer science in 2014 and I'm working as a back end developer in SD and PP modules? I want to choose a perfect module. Which one is the best?
What is the movie in which a foreigner is posted in India and then he goes to the wrong McDonald's?
Do I have to pay New York state income and city tax if I only earned  dollar 970?
If I send a message on Kik and uninstall the app will they see the message?
How did Romeo die in the play \"Romeo and Juliet\" by William Shakespeare?
How much are the possibility of war between Pakistan and India looking at recent escalation of tension between the two countries?
Why didn\u2019t Adam and Eve die after eating the fruit of good and evil as God instructed them?
Is there a complete list of all the spells, curses, jinxes, charms and enchantments mentioned in the Harry Potter series (books, films, games)?
What would you do if some day you discover that you've lost everything in life and you practically dont have anything left to lose anymore?
What is the importance of the \"guard of honour\" and why is it called \"inspecting\" the guard of honour?
Which is the best leather bag, leather wallet and other leather accessories brand in India?
How did the British implement Divide and Rule policy in India?
What is the deal with Grateful Dead drummer Mickey Hart wearing batting gloves and using rubber-coated brush-like drum sticks?
How do I to get a refund from an Turkish Airlines when I cancel in advance and the refund policy was there when I was encouraged to book the e ticket?
What is a good inpatient drug and alcohol rehab center near Newton County GA?
What's the difference between a 1.5 GHz snapdragon processor and 1.5 GHz mediatek processor? Which is better?
What are some major landforms in Texas, and how do they compare to the most famous landforms in Utah?
What is the relation between rain and traffic jams in Bangalore?
What is deregulation of electric power system and its advantage over normal power systems?
To former IMO contestants who are working outside academia, has the reputation of the IMO and the knowledge/skills gained through training for the IMO had a big effect on your career?
Why the characters in almost all the American TV Series and Movies are shown as Arrogant and Rude?
I am third year engineering student and I want to start preparing for UPSC 2018, how should I start?
Is it true that taking melatonin by high doses and for a long time will make your skin darker permanently as a side effect?
What are the differences and similarities between Manchu and Mongol people?
I want to start watching Korean drama and movies. Where should I start?
What is the difference between a Vmatic and automatic gearbox in a scooter?
Suppose the condition is as follows: I have deleted the wats app history and backups and databases from my phn, so anyone can find my chat history after that too?
When will Marvel's Agents of S.H.I.E.L.D. S2, Marvel's Agent Carter S1 and Marvel's Daredevil S1 be available on Blu-ray in Australia?
What are some of the advantages and disadvantages of cyber schooling?
A capacitor is charged by an 8V battery. When 1 C passes through the capacitor, it goes through the first plate with 8 J  and comes out of the second plate with 0 J. Does this mean that if we connect a voltmeter to the capacitor it will read a potential difference of 8 V just because of 1 C of charge?
Itachi uchiha killed his mother who was innocent and still people love him, have people forgotten the meaning of mother?
Where can I found very best and reliable printing suppliers in Australia?
Can the same amount of ingested alcohol affect two people of the same height and weight differently in terms if blood alcohol percentage?
What are the differences between a duplex and a townhouse? What are their similarities?
What similarities were there between Brexit and Trump winning the US election?
How do I delete photos/videos from my iPhone 6s and not off my iCloud storage?
Vision (eyesight): What does spherical, cylindrical, and axis mean in an eyeglass prescription?
I know some bases of C++ (console application and some Qt). Can you suggest me any project based on that?
What are some of the general courses and Must-Courses (for Masters) to take during the first semester at NCSU?
What were the major contributions of the political leaders during WW1, and how are the compared to the ones during the Northern Wars?
What are some online courses one should take and books one should read to become a good social media marketing specialist/manager?
What would happen to a seriously out of shape and not physically talented person in army boot camp?
People seem to be jealous of me and talk behind my back. Why do people despise me?
Why do we only see adult pigeons and not baby pigeons?
What are the pros and cons between Prestashop and Magento for a simple marketplace site?
What are the pros and cons of doing an MBA after mbbs?
What are the living conditions in Rockville, Maryland and how does it compare to Barnesville?
What are the ''good, the bad and the ugly'' of experiences with Salesforce and Aprimo integration?
How the air gap (if increase or decrease) between stator and rotor affect electrical power?
What would happen if every animal species were to suddenly become sentient and smart as humans? If there were a global war between all animals, which would win?
What are some good reading materials about software requirements, design, and architecture documents and how they can greatly complement agile?
If a 90 percent marginal tax rate was reinstated in the USA with no loopholes, and capital gains were taxed at the same rate, what would happen to the US economy?
What is the nearest airport to Daytona Beach, and how do this cities tourist attractions compare to Billing's?
How can I form and publish my theory and design an experiment to prove it?
What happen when you paused an app download on your devices (smartphones, tablets and etc.)? Will it affect the processing speed of the device?
Is Quora addiction good or bad and how should one overcome it?
What is the meaning of perfectly inelastic demand and perfectly elastic demand?
Who is the lawyer of Salman's hit and run case? What were his last cases?
Why is English so necessary, and why is it important in India?
What is the difference between a loop and a sequence in music?
Do \"I didn't do anything wrong\" and \"I didn't do nothing wrong\" mean the same thing?
When we eat only sweetpotato and banana as breakfast will it helps in gaining weight?
Shouldn't Dhoni leave ODI captain-ship and hand it over to Kohli to prepare for 2019 WC?
How do the properties of arithmetic compare and contrast to those of mathematics?
What can be the best shirt and tie combinations with grey suit?
How can the drive from Edmonton to Auckland be described, and how do these cities' attractions compare to those in London?
Which is the best hacking book and in which website can we download the ebook for free?
I love this girl so much but she broke my heart, and I still think she's amazing. Why is that?
What is a good inpatient drug and alcohol rehab center near Lawrence County AR?
What happens when sex becomes more of a power and control issue? Is there any going back to enjoying the feeling of sensuality?
Within stock market data, the two terms \u201csector\u201d and \u201cindustry\u201d often appear - are their values standardized?
What is the difference between CRR, SLR and Capital Adequacy Ratio (CAR)? Explain by giving examples and illustrate their significance.
An old fantasy movie which contains two brothers, they fight at the end, and the ending was everything was a dream. What's the title of the movie?
Why is New York Mets pitcher Matt Harvey called \"The Dark Knight\"? Did the team and MLB get permission from DC Comics for his Batman-themed merchandise?
What are the differences between adrenaline and noradrenaline? What are their similarities?
What are some cool final year projects for electrical and electronics engineering students?
Can I use my Android phone as a TV remote (I don't have IR blaster and don't want to use one)? Is there any app to help me?
Why do religions exist and what is their purpose to society?
What is the difference between WebApplicationContext and ApplicationContext? Why do we use ContextLoaderListener and what is Listener exactly in Spring?
How much power does a founder and CEO have in his/her Company?
I am a 14 year old male, and I am 5'2\" and weigh 101 pounds. Am I healthy?
What is the difference between 2D to 3D and 3D to 2D CAD conversion?
Hi Portlanders, what's the best thing about the city, and if I have 36 hours in Portland what should I do? Some info: I'm not from America; I'm coming from Asia and traveling alone to visit Reed College, and spending another day or two in Portland. Seeing Seattle and visiting family in Vancouver after that?
If someone had an empty residential and agreed to let me put an eco-capsule there and live there, what laws could they try to use to kick me out?
How do I take back up from iPhone and restore it to Android?
What is the best anthology of Egyptian and African myths, with commentary?
How can I transfer files between a laptop and an Android phone by WiFi?
Do guys like to see girl wearing bra and panties like victoria secret model?
Can the current tension between India and Pakistan lead to the third World War?
When will Indians learn to respect women and stop domestic violence against women?
What are some useful words and phrases when writing a scary story?
Even though people have nude pictures and videos of Sunny Leone on mobile devices, why so they go to Multiplexes and pay to watch her in clothes (or half nude)?
My best friend loves my girl friend and she knows it but not doing anything what should I do?
Which are the best books written on iron and steel industry of india?
If a person is half Asian and half white do they have a full dose of white privilege and Asian privilege, or do they have neither or half of each?
How is scrapping of Rs 500 and Rs 1000 currency notes affect our daily life?
My period is 10 days late and have tested negative four times. I have cramping along with fatigue and white discharge. Could I be pregnant?
What are the differences between freckles and moles? What are their similarities?
If I unlock and then relock the bootloader on my moto x play (after rooting and unrooting), will I get back my warranty?
What is the basic definition of revenue and fiscal deficit and how one can define these terms in the context of Indian economy?
What is the meaning of 'sycophantic' and how can it be used in a sentence?
What is the difference between \u201cwould or should have done\u201d and \u201cwould or should have been done\u201d?
How can I get my life in order, and reach my full potential?
What was the worst moment of your life and where were you when you lived through it?
Breaking Bad Season 5 Episode 11 (Confessions): What state were Todd and his uncle eating at the beginning of the show? Why weren't they in New Mexico?
What is the Black Knight satellite and does it really exist?
I had pain in occipetal after SpinalAnesth, shall I get GA again during surgry and why z it hpned dctors fault or BCZ of my fasting fr 24hrs bfr srgry?
Windows 10 issues: wifi is shown as disabled and does not enable . How do I fix this?
How can you differentiate between a person who has a crush on you and somebody who is only sexually attracted?
What could I gift my parents and brother from my first salary?
I need help planning for my future. How does one move out with no savings and no job, while attending college three hours a day, five days a week?
What are the strongest majors in terms of job prospects and what are the weakest majors at Caltech?
What are some life hacks that I can learn in 1minute and which can help me throughout my life?
What is an interesting fact that you know and I don't, but shouldn't?
Where can I found modern colours and textures for floor tiles in Sydney?
I'm 17 year old my height is 5 feet 4 inch and my weight 50 kg what should I do to gain weight?
Is there a word or idiom that describes someone who borrows things and returns them in damaged form? If not, coin one.
What does S.M.E.A.C mean in Marine Corps leadership and decision making strategies?
Should indian government introduce a 'grateful to Arabians and Muslims' day in indian calendar?
What is the difference between economy and basic fare for Malaysian airlines?
What are the main reasons for some Pacific states and territories to opt for \u201clesser degrees of independence\u201d?
We recently bought 2 simple goldfish, both about 6 cm long. We're trying  to give them the best care possible so they live a long and healthy life. We don't have too much cash to burn so we went with a tank of 40x27x24 cm. This holds about 26 liters of water. Will this be okay if we change the water once a week, or do we need an upgrade for them to be happy?
I forgot what my best friend, parents, and my siblings look like. I am only 12. Why did I forget what they look like?
Can I download all my posts and content uploaded to a Facebook Group?
How do I keep my court case private and out of public record?
John's father has four sons. Three of them have names March, April and May. Then what could be the name of the fourth son?
How can I give Interction between epoxy and concrete using ansys 15?
You have ten seconds: If the CIA said the Russians fired a nuke at Washington, D.C. and Assange and Putin say they didn't, who would Trump believe?
How can I get a single driving license for both 2 wheeler and 4 wheeler valid across India? Is it possible to get international license for the same?
Social Welfare: Can someone on food stamps visit someone in another state and still get food stamps in the other state?
What are MISC files in android mobile and what happens if we delete MISC files?
How does the energy efficiency of GPU compare with coprocessors, FPGAs, and ASICs as machine learning accelerator?
Is there a St. Marie Adolphine Dierks? How did she become a saint and what was her contribution to the faith?
Which name is better for next hotel booking and tourist guide website?
If the US and France have a higher Debt-to-GDP ratio than India and Egypt, how do the former have a higher \u201cCredit Rating\u201d than the latter?
Did Jesus ride both a donkey and a colt into Jerusalem?
What are the most interesting products and innovations that American Capital Agency is coming out with in 2016?
How can I learn to write vivid, graceful sentences and dazzling prose like my favorite writers, when my own prose is clunky and just a mess of words?
What are some commonly used completely free and open source game engines?
How do I know the AO code and AO type for a PAN card application?
What is the heaven and hell painting in Batman v Superman and is it real?
What is it like to run away from home and have a secret marriage?
Is there an Android app wherein two people can use a pin and make a deal sort of thing with tick check boxes? Like an \"I owe you one\" kinda thing?
If we truly acknowledged our mortality on a daily basis, would our view of the cotidian and our take on others (those deeply cherished & those more challenging people in our lives) change? If we really internalized and remembered that each day we woke up could be our last day, would it change how we lived? Is it possible to live with such awareness or is it too morbid for us to handle?
I was addicted in social media . I was getting disturbed and I unable to concentrate on my studies?
The first term of an arithmetic progression is 10 and the 11th term is 40. Find the sum of the squares of the first 20 terms of this progression.?
I have recently bought a site(BDA) in Bangalore and construction is complete. What is the procedure to the pay the BBMP tax online?
Are  dollar 50 mouth guards from CVS for TMJ and Grinding of Teeth useless? Do you need a special one from a Dentist?
What do the Muslims and Jews think of the Prophet Joseph?
I can't see my connection's new connections in the LinkedIn home page feed. It's there one day and gone the next. Is there a setting I need to change?
Do extremely beautiful people sometimes get a lot of piercings and tattoos so society will perceive them as something other than just beautiful?
Is there any website to get hourly solar radiation and temperature in under developing coutry?
My boyfriend cheated on me 3 years ago. We've been together for 5 years and I don't know if we can work past this, what should I do?
Which is the best site to learn VBscript and powershell for automation coding?
What are the strongest majors in terms of job prospects and what are the weakest majors at the Evergreen State College?
How tall is Kevin Rose in 2014 and how did he get to be that tall?
Am I changing the course of nature if I pick up an insect from a busy footpath and bring it to relative safety? Is this change I bring part of its destiny?
I have a felony (burglary charge) (committed at 17) and want to join marines, is it still possible to join?
Why is love the only answer for the best and worst moments that have happened in your life?
Does Apple make any money from the iPhone given that most people get it on a contract and upgrade to a newer version before the contract expires?
Why do pets automatically dislike certain people, and why do we often find ourselves trusting our pets' judgement of those people?
I have been getting the status \"Police Verification Report is not clear and application is under review at Regional Passport Office\" for 1 month. What should I do?
How do you open a PHP file and what program is required to open it?
Can RNA or DNA from a human infecting virus flurish and replicate inside another organism if injected directly?
What do you call the hand gesture where you repeatedly bring the tips of your index finger and thumb together while the other three fingers are folded?
Write a Java process to pick email id from db and send email with template?
Is it profitable to purchase a car and attach it with Ola Cabs, Uber or TaxiForSure in chennai?
I don't have a job and a car how do I gently break up with my boyfriend and tell him I'm no good for him?
Is Diogenes of Sinope and Diogenes of Babylon the same person?
Which is best for biosciences and biochemical studies imperial college or UCL?
I do ejaculate very early when I am having sex, and I can not have another course of sex again in time. What's wrong with me?
How much of myoglobin is there in pork and how much of Iron is there in the myoglobin in weight?
What is the difference between direct sunlight and mirror reflected sunlight? Can plants grow on reflected sunlight?
What are the top 20 Finance MBA colleges of UK and US location (Specialised in Private Equity)?
In your personal opinion, what portion of the HP and the Deathly Hallows book is the most suspenseful and could be considered the climax?
What's the procedure to convert 2G to 3G (I am having a 2G SIM and my phone supports 3G)? Do I need to get another SIM or can I use the same and update to 3G?
What is the difference between embryonic and adult stem cells, and what are its similarities?
What are the strongest majors in terms of job prospects and what are the weakest majors at Connecticut College?
What are the requirements needed to be accepted into the United States airborne division, and how do the requirements differ in the Australian Army?
I would like to start a poultry farm. I need all the details and the initial investment that I will need. How do I start?
What prevents fighter pilots from stealing their aircraft and selling it to a foreign government?
How do I get a rank in CA CPT and is two months of preparation enough to get it?
Could you please shed some light on the hedge fund industry in Canada and what a typical career path looks like (especially for the junior staff)?
Is it easy to get a branch change from naval architecture and ocean engineering to CS or electrical engineering in IIT Madras?
Do dogs have an analog to humans' mirror neurons, and might that explain their successful association with humans?
What german vocabulary and grammar topics should I study (A1 and A2 level)?
What are the best coaching centres for group 1 and group2 in Hyderabad for appsc?
What would be the result of holding your breath and your nose in a gas chamber like the ones used during Nazi regime? Could you survive?
How can I make money when I am a programmer and an average computer guy?
What is k-12 education and where can I get tutorials to learn it?
How much should a fresher company secretary with AIR-20 and a university rank in LLB expect from a first job? Does rank make any difference?
What are the main differences between a bachelor's and a graduate degree in astronomy in terms of career prospects?
What is the size of trekking and mountaineering markets in Europe?
I had us l1b blank visa of comp A valid till 2018, I left comp A and join comp B in 2016, now I want to rejoin comp A, would my l1b still hold good?
What are the main reasons and benefits of using Google Tag Manager?
How do golfers improve their game and become even better at it?
Why do people spend so much time on talking about the problems of poverty and inequality, but do not engage in conversations about effective solutions?
What's your New Year resolutions for 2016 and what will you do to accomplish your goal?
Have you every done a good thing to a bad person and how did you feel about it?
I copied a recovery partition to a USB and now I have a \"New Volume\" drive. Why?
Who would win a war between Burma and Pakistan, if they were neighbors?
I'm Braziliam, finishing my Nutrition college and gonna turn 20 soon. I work 5 hrs/day 5days/week and earn 249,63Dollars/month. How can I become rich?
I want to make a chat application using java, with the facility of data transfer and that the application could use Bluetooth for connectivity?
If a baking co-operative gave you  dollar 1M a year to buy flour for them, but you took it to buy a farm and supply them with the flour they need, who then owns the farm after you have supplied the baking co-operative with  dollar 1M worth of flour?
Which is the TV show with more drama and action and rating than The Night Manager?
Why do all religions have different gods and different way of practicing their religion?
What are the pros and cons of Python 2.7.6 versus 3.3?
If the election were between Gary Johnson and Jill Stein, who would you vote for and why?
Hypothetically, if Reddit and Quora went to war, who would win and why?
When we enter into a web page signals are sent from a computer to a server and viceversa. But do these signals emit radiation that goes to space?
Have you ever pondered the boundary of the universe and wondered what might be on the other side?
Why do I feel hung over and groggy the day after a massage?
What are similarities between borderline personality disorder and narcissistic personality disorder?
What will happen if I take a poo and poke it to eternity in space? Will it burn or freeze?
Which is the most common surname and first name in India?
As a 13 year old boy I prayed to God to forgive me for my mistakes and sins but nothing happened but I feel like something changed inside of me?
Me and my best friend both applied to a certain program. It was his dream and he couldn't stop talking about it, now I got in and he didn't. How should I manage this situation?
When will the time table of BITS Pilani and the book list of it in Pilani campus be available?
What is it like to not share your secrets with anyone around you, because you know they'll speak all the unncessary and irrelevant things instead of helping you which is exactly opposite to what you want them to do?
What is an extrusive igneous rock and what are some examples?
Is there a difference between male and female video game players?
What\u2019s the  difference between clinical psychopathy and a person with psychopathic tendencies?
House numbers in one side of a street is odd and other side is even, how do we decide which side gets which?
I have got 60 percent marks in 12th and I cannot afford to go at private college but I want to study and I want to do mbbs so, what should I do sir?
Adam D'Angelo: What is the next step for Quora and how you are planning to build it?
If a space elevator will be so useful and profitable, is there a cold war-like race to develop and build it going on right now?
What are the effects of the divided government during the Johnson administration and did it have a positive or negative effect?
Why is weather temperature typically measured in Celsius and body temperature in Fahrenheit?
Why do theists continue to ask the same questions about atheists (with very little variation) over and over when they could just look up the previous answers. Are they just trying to paint atheists as irrational?
What are the best job fairs near Nashville? When and where are they held? What were your experiences at them?
What will happen if I drink only water and not other beverages?
Entrepreneurship: How did Bhavish Aggarwal and Ankit Bhati come up with the idea of a cab service, and why did they name it Ola?
Where are some nice areas to live and work in England for a doctor?
Why didn't Delhi go to Pakistan when it was part of Punjab and the majority of the Punjab province was Muslim?
What is the best website design and website development companies in India?
My kid spilled a milk shake on my Mac Air and the keys stick. What is the best way to clean it?
What are some of the most popular and best TV shows of all time?
Why is prime minister Modi manipulating people in public meetings about parliament and his lawyer lies in supreme court about lines on demonetization?
What is the law of Hammurabi and what are some examples of it?
If you could ask a being that contained all knowledge one question and you were guaranteed to understand and remember the answer, what would you ask?
I would like to build a very simple membership website, so users can log in and submit a simple form. Which is the best framework?
Can honey and lemon bleach facial hair? If yes, how long does it take and for how long can the effect stay?
I have 20 hours per week devoted to charity, 3 amazing kids, a great wife and sex life, a historic Victorian farmhouse, perfect health, and 3 people running separate business ventures for me. Why do you think I'm unhappy?
If I went up into space, opened a jar for a few seconds, put the lid on tightly, and then came back down to my kitchen, what would be in the jar?
How do I prove that If d/m.n and m^n=1 so there exist only one d'' and only one d' as d'/n and d\" /m and d=d'.d\"?
Why would companies buy pics from foap.com and don\u00b4t stick with fotolia.com&co and is foap\u00b4s approach likely to be successful?
Why do I get strange feelings at times that seem related to concious and unconcious thought proccesses, like some sort of awakening?
Where can I get the official list of all the African restaurants in Bromley and Croydon? I need this list for a survey.
Can you delete pictures from an iPhone and still have it saved in iCloud? If so, how?
Does different eyeglass coatings like anti glare, finger print, dust repellent, anti scratch and so forth really work or is it just a marketing gimmic?
What if oxygen is actually poisonous and it just takes 75-100 years to kill us?
What is the best way to stop procrastinating and become disciplined with my vision?
What type government does North Korea have and how is it different from China's government?
I have made a new theory of General Relativity and SR covering its flaws. I am still 13 and given all proofs in mathematical way. What should I do?
We live in an age where there is endless amount of things to read, both online and offline; however the time is limited. What is a good way to make sure that I should continue reading what I am, and not something that won't be useful to me?
How can I get curious and make me want to learn a lot?
How does one come up with scaleable services and products as beginning entrepreneur?
Have you ever been betrayed by someone dear to you and how is the relationship with that person now?
I want to start my own investment company. What degree (CFA or FRM or MBA etc.) should I have and what other things should I know to start the company?
If you were the leader of a new nation & could decide any form of government and set 3 laws that could never be changed, what would you choose & why?
Which colors suits on dark complexion guys? Which color shirt and jeans should dark color muscular guy wear as casual wear in brother marriage?
What is the difference between God and religion, because without God there is no religion, right?
Music: What is the difference between 'Record of the Year' and 'Song of the Year' in the Grammy nominations?
How do I de-register from 'Child, Rights and You' (charity) donations?
I met with an accident and broke 6 of my teethes. what should I do?
Why did cakephp v3 split the Model into Table and Entity? What are the advantages?
Is it possible to find love like Nagisa and Tomoya have in the anime Clannad?
What is the difference between bhajan and kirtan? Or are they same?
Is Math 114 (Analysis II: Measure, Integration and Banach Spaces) worth taking at Harvard?
How does a MOSFET touch switch work during positive and negative half cycles of input?
If you had a chance to time travel and meet one person very close to you, who would it be, and what will you do differently this time?
What is one thing you like and one you hate about your religion?
What are the pros and cons of a skateboard vs a bike?
My boyfriend likes every picture this girl posts on her Instagram and Facebook. Every single one. Does that mean he likes her and wants to date her?
How is gold price in India and around the globe decided?
Who is the patron saint of labor and delivery? Why was he made a saint?
Can I make cartoon of celebrities and post it on youtube?
I just completed my B.com . I want to learn about trading and how the stock market works . Where would be a good place for me to start?
Am I too old to try and become a successful film director?
If I have a flight booked with one airline with a long layover, does that mean I can leave my bag(s) checked and not deal with it as I wander out in the city for a few hours?
My Gujarat ACPC rank is 724. I wish to take admission in DA-IICT. What are my chances? If I don't get into DA-IICT which institutes amongst NIRMA and DDIT will be better considering that I wish to join computer engineering?
What are e-wallet platforms in USA and How much is their market penetration?
Mahabharata (Hindu epic): Who was Kunti and how were her sons born?
What are the most common Dad stereotypes in TV and film, and which character best embodies each?
I had sex for 6th time wid my girlfriend & there were traces of blood and 2 days after sex, she had periods; should I consider her a virgin?
Can I do my MBA in Canada without writing GMAT and without work experience?
What is the most active metal in the periodic table and what are some of its special properties?
Where is Mount Villarica located and how does its eruptive history compare to Mount Galears?
How can I link my mobile no. and email address to an existing Aadhar card number?
Should I study calculus, math, number theory, college algebra, trigonometry, analysis and math proof altogether at one time or focus on few of them instead?
Which is a good inpatient drug and alcohol rehab center near Lamar County AL?
How can I hide photo's and videos in Samsung Galaxy On7?
How do I find out if an Android app is asking unwanted permissions and what is identity permission in Android?
How is that Amazon scores way ahead of flipkart and Snap deal in India? is their sales driven by enterprise services?
How can I get MOOC/E-learning through online web and video courses related to paramedical sciences developed by Indian professors?
If one has strong Database Marketing (including Traditional Direct Response and Email Marketing, and even Business Development) accomplishments, and experience leveraging several CRM systems (Salesforce, MS Dynamics, and Netsuite) could one transition into a CRM Consulting role?
What are the research on visualization and what are the conclusions/benefits? Particularly Tibetan Buddhism
What are some of the most affordable and quality US universities / city colleges to get a BA in web design?
I'm only 23 years old and I'm growing taller. Is this normal?
Where can I get a very excellent and fast printing service in Australia?
How can GST reduce tax burden on people and increase government revenue at the same time?
By Registering and paying for XAT 2017, am I eligible for XLRI and other Associate Member Institutes?
How can Pycharm be set up and used for Django development?
My girlfriend gets up earlier than me, closes both bedroom doors, and silently types away at her computer. The contents are password-protected. How can I determine if she's texting other men?
A woman approached me and gave me her number. What do I do?
Which companies are the largest server, blade and IT architect reseller businesses in Europe?
Movie: The Hobbit: The Battle of Five Army. How do the director and producer get a massive cast of armies?
Who conquered Constantinople, and how does the Ottoman Empire differ from the Greek Empire?
What are some differences and parallels of The Great Gatsby and The Hunger Games?
After I was dumped, our mutual friends took off on me and one even started dating my ex. What are some ways to overcome my deep loneliness?
What are the advantages of firm pillows over soft pillows and vice versa? When is it better to use one over the other?
When can we start preparing for the GATE Civil exam, and on which subject should we focus more?
What are the differences between mitosis and meiosis? What are their similarities?
How can a person be physically strong and attractive without joining a gym?
I am in class 9 and have done mathematics chapter of class 9 and 10 and trigonometry till 11. Is it the right time for me to start with calculus?
Should more countries ban plastic dishes and cutlery to protect the environment like in France?
How will Narendra Modi's recent ban on Rs 500 and Rs 1000 notes will affect the share market?
Why should we not buy Mi Max and tell a best alternative?
My son (11 years old) is a voracious reader of books and has started neglecting his studies. He resists being directed/reminded of his responsibilities and will usually respond in grunting/growling voice. How can I manage his defiance in a healthy way?
What is the weather in Orlando like on June, and how does it differ from the weather in October?
What does it mean when a friend likes a picture of yours on Instagram and then you like one of theirs but later on she unlikes the same picture that she liked before?
If accepted to Harvard, Yale, Princeton, Stanford and MIT, which would you choose and why?
What if I hired two private eyes and ordered them to follow each other?
Which country is China's best friend and which country is its worst enemy?
How old is modern Hinduism and where did its features come from and why?
I am a single female. I'm almost 29 and I do want to eventually get married, have children and live in a nice house. Currently far from this, should I be worried?
Why is the colour of KMnO4 purple before the titration and after the end point it is pink?
What is the difference between a single pole and dual pole light switch?
What was the production of artwork intended for in Hawaii and how is it compared to the one intended for in South Carolina?
As a Muslim or Christian do you find it extremely challenging for you and your family to rent a house in Bengaluru or any other city in India?
How can I sync Microsoft Outlook (mail and calendar) with Ubuntu Evolution?
I blocked and unblocked someone on Snapchat, if they didn't delete me as a friend and my story is public to everyone am I still on their friends list?
Since it is quite obvious that world power is going to shift in Asia (India and China), does this mean that history will be shedding its imperialistic biases and narratives? Will ancient civilizations get their due credit, which has been denied by the dominant Western races for so long?
Girlfriend keeps flip flopping between her child's father and I; she says she's not feeling us anymore and wants to break up. Is it time to move on?
Why does it appear that the moon and stars move in the sky?
What is the relationship between interest rate and money demand? Negative or positive correlation?
Should I call a girl who was breaking up with her boyfriend and said would call me but didn't?
Which men's business casual and dress shoes, brown and black, are most comfortable and also fairly light for travel?
I want to meet an introverted man, where should I go? I hate bars/clubs and know I would never meet the person I want to be with there.
What make Calicut more peaceful and beautiful city than any other states of Kerala?
When someone says they'll punish you unless you do a crime, and you can't tell the police, what is the best thing to do?
If someone attempts to punch me, and I do get it and hit back with lethal force, am I legally wrong?
What are the major stereotypes people have about Uruguay and to what extent are they true?
What is the scope of rural management in India and what type of job is provided?
How do you fake your own death and make a new identity?
If a Bollywood movie were made on the life and career of Sonam Kapoor, what would be its opening scene?
Which is best of a 1.3 quad core processor and 1.7 octa core processor?
What breaks and never falls and what falls and never breaks?
Where can I get wide range of floor tile, wall tile and porcelain tiles in Sydney?
Why are Indian people, or subcontinent people, and Chinese people relatively shorter in height?
What is the mutual off-flavour in commercially produced duck fat, lard and pork scratchings? Are there products w/o?
What are the best method of learning fast, effciently and fully understanding what I have learned?
UK company phantom stock option cash settlement and tax implication in India?
What is equation of a line and its isometries in the complex plane?
How can two movies as similar as White House Down and Olympus has Fallen both be made at the same time without one having ripped off the other?
Five astrologers asked us not to marry. He just went off breaking a 5- year long relationship. He said he loved me and he says that he knows that he is going to cry hard but he can't come back. Should I move on or hope he will be back some day?
What iPhone or iPad apps provide the best user experience and have the most interesting user interface?
Which books did you read and prefer me to read for hacking?
Do partners identify themselves as female and male partners in Lesbian/Gay relationships?
It is always stated that god made each and every creature existing in this world and that too for a reason. So why did god create mosquitoes?
What is NEET phase 1 and 2? I still can't get it
How can I convey the difference between confidence and cockiness to my teenage daughter so she does not become arrogant or a show-off when she is older?
What are some of the advantages of a sole proprietorships, and how do these differ from those of trusts?
My fianc\u00e9e has been depressed for 3 years. I have been there for her emotionally and I've tried to give her advise to the best of my ability. I encourage her to follow her passion but she remains depressed. Should I call off the wedding?
What are the differences between BS and BSc? Do both means Bachelor of Science?
Is it bad that I play video games to distract myself from my problems and to see if theyll cheer me up when I feel bad?
Which one should I opt for between an MBA and an MSc after completion of a BSc Hons in Statistics?
If my parents are from India and I am born in the US which country do I belong to?
What are the positive and negative effects of industrialization and urbanization in Greece?
Girl who I like, passed me with her friend, she looked down, laughed and her friend accidentally hit me.Then she said hi, I didnt. What does it mean?
Which MS CS program is preferred by Indian students: MS thesis or non-thesis and is there a difference between the chances of selection between them?
How can I describe my products quality and features to attract more customers online?
What would happen if the North Pole and the South Pole switched places?
Why is Facebook so common and Quora not, among the teenagers?
Can the love of oneself, God and others really conquer negative emotions and traumas from the past to help lead a normal and healthy life?
Why can't we see the other side of the moon, and what is on the other side?
What do you think about the ban on 500 and 1000 denomination notes in India?
Is your tap water metered and which state you live in?
Many cars are able to display instantaneous and average gas mileage.  How are these numbers obtained? Are they accurate?
What is the average package and placement for mechanical at BIT Sindri?
Why are people so excited and motivated to post answers on Quora?
When does Chick-fil-A start serving lunch and how do they serve it?
I have more than 6/10 and less than five ones what number am I?
We bought a condo and the sellers hid a special levy for repairing the pool and parking membrane. We would have to pay  dollar 14,000. What can we do?
If our Sun became a black hole would it suck in Earth and the rest of our solar system?
What's the best book to learn each and every trick/concept of HTML?
What are the similarities between bicarbonate soda and baking soda? What are their differences?
Why are fanatic Muslims more violent and less tolerant than other religions?
Want to know about the experiences and earnings of anyone from delhi who have registered car in ola/uber and hired a driver?
Who would win a fight between a male lion and a silver back gorilla?
What are the most interesting products and innovations that Akamai Technologies is coming out with in 2016?
We launched an integrated web platform that includes a Javascript appengine, NoSQL and Web CMS. We call it a Web Operating System. Does the name work?
I have an offer for Indian bloggers.I have recently started my youtube channel and I would like to work with a blogger creating sketch videos?
What is the beat treatment of piles and best doctors in India?
Who invented the home loan and when? How has it evolved over time?
Why do some people spend hours and hours daydreaming (maladaptive daydreaming)?
In terms of getting a job, if someone says it is more about who you know and what your connections are, are they talking about cronyism and nepotism?
Which is a good inpatient drug and alcohol rehab center in Audubon County IA?
What is the most beautiful and graphic demanding game for iPad now?
Why did the U.S. bomb Hiroshima and Nagasaki instead of Tokyo or other cities?
What are the names of cities communities and towns in Denton County Texas?
What is the difference between READ TABLE  WITH KEY and READ TABLE  WITH TABLE KEY in SAP ABAP?
How can I make my face fair and glowing like actors? I have boils and pimples on my face.
Which IT terms are reminiscent of real [location] terms and can be used to confuse the reader/listener about the real context of the subject?
What are the books that studied in economics and political science universities?
Superman (creative franchise): Why didn't Jor-El and Lara leave Krypton with Kal-El?
Which is a good inpatient drug and alcohol rehab center near Turner County GA?
Shock Sites: What is tubgirl and where does one see it?
Why would reflection be possible and how significant it is to science?
What is the difference between a premier and authentic NHL jersey?
How can I branch out and make new friends in college?
How can I watch movies like professors read books? How can I study a movie and learn howto make movies without college education?
How big should a planet be (radius,mass) and how far away from it's star to have (for example) four natural satellites?
What does Germany look like, and how does its geography compare to Denmark's?
What would you say about a company whose one employee dies and nobody from the company pays a visit to the grieving family?
How can we reverse a stack by using only push() and pop() operations without using any secondary DS?
A company verbally offered me a job and I accepted it, I start next week. How do I follow up to thank them and ask for a formal offer letter?
Will Apple buy Yelp, Wolfram|Alpha, and a search engine to power Siri?
What is the google's deepest and darkest secrets, that hasn't revealed till this date?
I didn't have a drink in 5 days, why did my urine test come up positive? I am in an outpatient program and tested positive for alcohol 5 days after drinking. Is this normal?
What should I do when I'm calm, smiling, and want to make others happy but the person in front of me is so serious?
How do I crack IAS exam without coaching class and bearing a poor education backgrounds and financial shortage?
What are the best co-working spaces and meeting room rental options in Singapore?
How much day accenture required to release offer letter and joining date after submit documents?
What are the most interesting products and innovations that Polaris Industries is coming out with in 2016?
Which entry-level DSLR should I go for between a Canon 600D and a Canon 700D? Which camera will be better for YouTube purposes?
Is there a reason why the Sith only use red lightsabers, and that the Jedi have so many more color options?
Why do white people and black Americans make fun of Khan actors for their short height, malnourished physique and ugliness? Do they really look like beggars abroad or do they signify a poor India?
Who are some lesser known important historical figures of Jamaica and what should people know about them?
What is the difference between Design Thinking and Human Centered Design (HCD)?
Can I tell what time text messages are received and read by the person I sent them to?
What is the climate of California's coastal regions, and how does it compare to the climate in Colorado?
I am interested in both accounting and marketing. How do I decide which I should choose as my major?
Why are the elements of groups 1 and 7 mostly used in the form of compounds?
The power of my specs is -1.5 in the right eye and -2 in the left eye. Should I wear them every time or only when I'm studying?
Why sometimes I decide to let my life go down and then I try to comeback struggling with the consequences from it?
Why isn't Quora as popular as the likes of Facebook and Twitter even though it is far more interesting?
Is there any Java/JEE framework to upload and download large files (upto 2GB) in a web application?
I want to study for about 8 to 10 hours but my mind Tells me to play what to do and its my class 10th ICSE board examination?
What's causing increasingly painful pins and needles in my right arm mainly from elbow to ring and little finger? Had symptoms for about 2 weeks.
Despite Pakistan being so hostile, why do we allow people from Pakistan to work as singers/actors in India? Isn't that a drain of India's wealth and a compromise on talented people in India against such a hostile nation that treats India as an enemy?
If you had to choose between doing something you loved, but were mediocre at, and something you didn't love, but were good at, which would you choose?
Accenture is offering me CTC of 13.28 lakh, 11 fixed and 2.28 is variable. What will be the take away salary per month after all deductions?
How do I stop ruminating negative thoughts and to stop stressing about my relationship when everything is ok?
When and how should I use \"have had\" and \"had had\" in a sentence?
Which are some songs you listen to when you're feeling low and you need something to cheer you up?
How can I apply for a passport for my wife? She was earlier in Rajasthan and now she is with me Gujarat. What documents will it require?
What are the causes of chest tightness for days and how can this pressure be relieved?
How can the drive from Edmonton to Auckland be described, and how do these cities' attractions compare to those in Montreal?
What kind of copyright license do I need to record and post a Youtube video of a cover tune? Where do I get these licenses?
Which is the best university for an MBA and how do I get into it?
My ex boyfriend lied to me our entire relationship, and synchronize my phone to his how can I trust him?
Why are American Tonight show hosts very anti-trump and not politically neutral? Don't they lose viewership from the huge population that voted Trump?
What is the climate of California's coastal regions, and how does it compare to the climate in Alaska?
Why do people think that goofing off isn't the solution and that one should be serious at all times?
What are the best universities in the USA and Canada for an MS in electrical engineering?
Why did Govt. print 2000 rupee note and create a havoc for change?
Preparing for gate 2016 Ece. Haven't joined classes, bought nodia books. Want to buy gate academy e-lectures and its test series. Shall I buy it. Does any other institute provides e lectures? It is it fine without e-lectures?
Is there any chance of decrease in the cut offs of MHROD, MBE or LBSIM and other B schools because of increase in the number of IIMs?
When should I prepare to take the GRE, GRE in computer science, and TOEFL? How do I prepare for them?
How do I stay focused and avoid distractions to achieve my goal?
What became of the wife and children of Lee Harvey Oswald?
Why is Hulk so important in the Thor: Ragnarok film and why did Marvel make it so that the two were absent in Civil War only to be together in this?
How bad is it for your health and body weight if you eat pasta every day for lunch?
I am a student of class 12 commerce with maths. Can I drop maths and take physical education in the month of August?
What is the longest roller coaster in the United Kingdom and how does it compare to the longest roller coaster in China?
How long does it take to fix a forward neck and rounded shoulders posture?
What is a good inpatient drug and alcohol rehab center near Walton County FL?
What are the basic laws and rights every Indian should be aware of?
What is a suitable inpatient drug and alcohol rehab center near Montrose County CO?
My Clearcast Resin pour has cured but is tacky and is there a way to fix this?
Why is my mind constantly thinking about girls and dreaming of having sex with them?
I lent an unemployed friend money. I am successful and could afford to. How do I get them to pay me back when they think I don't need it back?
I own a One plus 3 , it slipped off my hand and fell on the ground which lead to crack in the camera screen\u2026 What should I do?
What are the biggest secrets that were revealed over the internet and later on found out as a true secret?
The nail to my pinkie got ripped off halfway and my finger has swollen and a tiny part of the old nail is hanging on. What do I do?
What is the relationship between inflation and unemployment in the shortrun?
Which is a good inpatient drug and alcohol rehab center near Crawford County GA?
I'm 16 and I live in Iran, but I lived in Sweden for a year and now I can't stand the school system. What should I do?
How can an American child (minor 3 yrs old) move to the USA and attend public school if his single parent is not a US citizen?
My wound was smelling and leaking pus but then I started applying boroline to it and the pus and odor have stopped. Should I still go to a doctor?
What are the strongest majors in terms of job prospects and what are the weakest majors at Iona College?
I am a BTech in CSE. What should I do if I have interest in algorithms and cloud computing? Should I go for master's degrees in these domains?
What were the major contributions of the political leaders during WW1, and how are the compared to the ones during the Pacific War?
What are the most interesting products and innovations that Jones Energy is coming out with in 2016?
You wake up somewhere on earth, with loss of memory and skills, how do you survive well?
What is the police protocol for putting handcuffs on a citizen and temporarily detaining him or her in a patrol car?
What should you answer if you are pulled over for speeding and they ask you if you know how fast you were going?
What is the procedure to cancel Renault KWID booking and get back the booking amount?
In the Bible, Eve plucks fruit from the Tree of Knowledge of good and evil, eats it, and then gives it to Adam to eat. Then, of course, they are cast out of Eden. What did Adam and/or Eve do that was so terribly bad?
How is ABES EC as an engineering college and what are its downfalls?
Which political framework settings and mobility services are necessary and appropriate to enable sustainable mobility?
I know a business that is not trademarked. Can I buy a domain on that name and later resell it to them? Would I face any legal issues?
What are the strongest majors in terms of job prospects and what are the weakest majors at Northwestern State?
If I'm a CS student, how important is Mechanics and E&M if I want to work in robotics or IoT?
What are the benefits and rules of a tortoise ring in silver?
What is the truth behind withdrawal of 1000 and 500 rs notes in India?
What is \u201cParallel\u201dterm means in Computer processing. Also List and briefly define the types of computer system organization?
What were the major effects of the cambodia earthquake, and how do these effects compare to the Iquique earthquake in 1877?
I can see his photo and status, but I sent a message on WhatsApp and there's only one tick. Am I blocked? He doesn't let anyone see his last seen.
What is it like to work as a Sr. product manager at Amazon? What are typical day to day duties and how respected are Product managers within the firm?
If I was to fire knives out of a cannon and one of them hits someone blade first, have I shot them or stabbed them?
Can I tell how I feel for her and I love her indirectly through her brother?
What are the legal separation laws in PA and how do they compare with the ones in Kentucky?
If you had really terrible difficulties socializing with other people, and simply can't normally interact with other people, what would you do to make a living?
Is this possible H4 visa holder having a drivers license of other state and moved to Illinois, how to take drivers license for H4 visa holders?
Why don't Japanese history books and school books tell of their war crimes in World War II?
I want to open a wine bar that serves beer and appetisers as well in London. How best do I start?
I have passed 12 this year and I am interested in law. What are the courses and colleges in India?
What are your views on India banning 500 and 1000 notes? In what way it will affect Indian economy?
Why cant we produce oxygen like trees and reduce global warming?
What is an 'intuitive' way to understand the Laplace transform and other advanced mathematical concepts?
Is it possible to bring rivalry between Israel and Iran to end by making more business deals and connectivity - high speed train from Iran to Israel?
How do I get back in life and become successful from depression point?
What does toe cheese taste like and how many calories per serving?
Which is the best book to start C and C++ as a beginner?
What is the typical weather during December in London and how does it compare to the summer months?
What type of questions shall I expect for placement tests and interviews of Cognizant Technology Solutions(CTS) 2013?
What are some of the things that you want to do before you die and why do you want to do those things?
Which is a good inpatient drug and alcohol rehab center near Edgar County IL?
Has anyone ever written programming code using fibonacci numbers instead of 1's and 0's? Is it possible? I wonder if they could create the same complexity that they have shown in our physical world?
What was the aim of Brahmo Samaj? How does Brahmo Samaj and Arya Samaj differ ideologically?
Which payment gateway in Saudi that using to collect and pay money from/to multiple ?
If the practice of gerrymandering is prevalent and does not provide democratic representation, how can we democratically address the problem?
When should I use the dot product and when should I use the cross product?
How do I identify poisonous and non poisonous snakes in India?
What happened to the Association Dianae Lacus and his project to rebuild the prima nave?
How much time does it take to learn and do Android app development when you only know C#?
Why doesn't ISIS just attack the U.S and leave the rest of the world alone?
If Donald Trump becomes president can he kick out all of the Hispanics and Muslims even if they are US citizens?
What are some good course project topics in Information Retrieval and Web Search that can be complemented in 2 months?
I see flip phones in Japanese media a lot and email is used instead of text. So do they text on smart phones or just email?
Should I put non relevant work experience like working in retail and fast food on my technical resume?
My husband refuses to give me money and does give to his mother? what should i do
Master cylinder of bore dia of 1 inch and stroke of 1.2 inch suits to which vehicle?
What is a suitable inpatient drug and alcohol rehab center in Lucas County IA?
Can a tornado and hurricane happen at the same time , same place and create more than one in one day?
What are the best animes that have complete and full endings (don't end on cliffhangers)?
Which one is best book for signals and systems to understand better?
What should you do if you have a personality disorder and you are tired of hurting other people?
Have atheists been able to prove scientifically and undoubtedly that God doesn't exist or is it just an assumption they make?
When my girlfriend's sister is mean to me and I defend myself, my GF defends her. When her sister is mean to me and I ignore her, my girlfriend gets angry with me for ignoring her sister. What should I do?
Why is that American Customs officers that work at a mail depot have to carry a fire arm and complete duty belt to inspect the mail while on duty?
How big is the difference between Tagalog and other regional languages in the Philippines?
What's the difference between CR2032 and CR2025 batteries? What are their pros and cons?
I am a very disorganized person in my routine and I dont like to do the same work everyday is it a good habit or bad habit?
Why do poor people place so much value on friends and relatives compared to those who are wealthy?
I booked a Domestic flight ticket of Air India flight and in the passenger name,last letter was missing. How could it be rectified?
What are the differences between vyvanse and ibuprofen? What are some examples?
Does a vpn protect you from your isp monitoring and which service is the best?
Does anyone believe Princess Diana death was an accident and the British monarchy didn't order her death?
What can I do to change the wordless and awkward situation between my mom and I ?It has been a long time .
What is the difference between the White House and the US Capitol Building?
so I have 1 pair of shorts that is striped. the colors are light blue, white and light grey. What color shirt would go with it?
How is Bolivia's geographical location unique in the region, and how does its geography compare to Colombia's?
How can I help other people and be helpful to society?
What are the salary levels of upper, middle and lower level classes in India along with the poor and affluent?
Is there any difference between interior designing and interior decoration course?
Is there any Japanese proverb with a meaning similar to \"give a man a fish and you feed him for a day; teach a man to fish and you feed him for a lifetime\"?
Do you agree that a liberal society is better as it allows liberal and conservative lifestyle but conservatism only allows conservative lifestyle?
How do I deal with an adult child in a wheelchair? He gets upset when I leave the house. There are 2 other adult siblings and a housekeeper. His mind is 90 percent perfect. What are some suggestions?
Which are the websites earn good and require less time to maintain?
What are the the most important organic and inorganic components of bones?
What is the reaction between sodium bicarbonate and water? What are some examples?
What services are there that allow users to record videos and play them back within my site?
Why do city pigeons gather on rooftops and then fly in a group in a circle, and land on the same roof?
As a founder of a tech company, how do I motivate and incentivize my employees beyond salary? Any ideas on incentives that can be provided to them?
How can I programatically block all questions and answers on Quora that contain the word 'meme'?
Is Security Analysis by Graham and Dodd still a worthwhile read?
How is Riemann's hypothesis related to prime numbers and what information it gives about prime numbers?
What are the most common traffic convictions in Arkansas, and how does the severity of the convictions differ in Tennessee?
Why do people come into our lives and leave just like that?
Why some Indians are much obsessed with western culture and feeling ashamed about their root and identity?
If Harry Potter survived Voldemort's attack when he was a baby because of the love of his parents, were all the other kids and people killed by Voldemort not loved by their respective parents?
How can I apply for the company think and learn through off campus?
What is abstract algebra and linear algebra and what is the difference between them?
I just bought a 2014 MacBook Pro for  dollar 20 off Craigslist. It's been reset and works fine. Is there a security concern I should be worried about?
What would you say to a person standing on a ledge, ready to jump and kill himself that could potentially save his life?
What is the most number of digits needed for any number and any application in the real world?
Why does it show requested and then follow and back to requested on Instagram?
How do I build a basic robotic hand using servo motors and Arduino in a short amount of time?
What do I truly need to learn and do to become a successful software engineer?
What type of doctor would you see if you have a hernia and what are the most recommended treatments?
What are the differences between the Lok Sabha and the Vidhan Sabha elections?
Who are some lesser known important historical figures of Mozambique and what should people know about them?
Can a person forget a 10 yrs old relationship when both were each other's first and there was no case of infidelity from either of them?
Brain Teasers: Two women set out to the market to sell some oranges. Each  had 30 oranges. The first lady sold oranges at 2 for a rupee and second lady sold oranges at 3 for rupee. At last, the first and second lady made Rs 15 and Rs 10 respectively. So the total amount is Rs 25. The next day, when they sold their 30 oranges together to make business profitable, they pooled their sixty oranges and sold at rate of 5 for Rs 2. After they sold all oranges, they found they had only Rs 24. They could not understand where the one rupee went. Where did it go?
Which is a suitable inpatient drug and alcohol rehab center near Marshall County IN?
Which is a good inpatient drug and alcohol rehab center near Leelanau County MI?
How do I remove Virus, Malware and Spyware from a computer or laptop?
How do I get foreign education and job without eating parents' money?
How can a person block answers and feed from Indians on Quora?
What is the longest roller coaster in the United Kingdom and how does it compare to the longest roller coaster in Canada?
How do I cross verify that two files are the same in content and how do I implement it? Are there any tools that already exist?
What is the name of the anime where two girls get into a story book and have to play the heroines of the story to get out?
If we see something in our dreams and it happens to come out true after few days, what does that mean?
Are there any records of which reactions did Theresa May and fellow Brexiteers have, back when UK entered the EU?
My ex boyfriend said that he has always missed me, looked for me (but not successful), and thought about me. However, he has a girlfriend. Does this mean that he still has feelings for me?
I have 7.3 cg from NIT with decent projects and want to pursue MS in Germany, what colleges should I apply for and what should be the approach?
Are CQ tank battles and dog fights a thing of the past?
If you have free time as a Computer Programmer and Computer scientist, what is your leisure activities and how much you spend time on it?
Recently I got really really angry and I peed my pants. Is this a common occurrence?
What is the value of x[/math] if 5 ^ {x + 1} = 6 ^ y[/math] and 2 ^ {x + y} = 3 ^ {x - y}[/math]?
If I have a research paper how and where can I publish it?
What are the applications of BIG Data and Hadoop in Marketing?
I am a fresher(B.tech,IT) and have job offers from both Yodlee Infotech and TCS. Which company should I join?
Can a satellite be made to orbit so that it is constantly directly between the earth and the sun in a way that would allow it to always observe the sunny side of the planet?
What is the importance of and alignment between HR strategy and business strategy?
Why did the British continue costly conflicts like the Second Boer War and the Zulu War even though they had suffered heavy losses?
What colour tie should I wear with a solid white shirt and black trousers with black belt and black shoes for an interview?
I get anxious, sad, crazy and weird when my girlfriend doesn't reply to my text and feel relieved when she does. What is wrong with me?
Why we need to calculate ABCD parameters of transmission lines? We have other parameters like Z and Y parameters, so what is the exact significance of ABCD parameters?
My close friend is a senior and I'm a freshman and I don't have real friends what should I do?
How will Modi's decision of curbing the 500 and 1000 rupees notes affect the daily lives of the middle class and the lower class people?
What is the procedure to join Bomb Detection and Disposal Squad after mechanical engineering?
What is the difference between commensurate and incommensurate Charge Density Wave (CDW)?
When considering co-founders, I picked the designer and the genius (I'm the voice).  Lately I've begun studying what investors look for in a startup, and see that we may raise red flags by not having a programmer as a founder.  Is a technical founder something we have to have?
I Just moved to Montreal from India, I noticed that my Hair Started getting Thinner and are Falling at a very fast rate. How can I Stop it?
Is staying awake thoughout a whole night and day a good way to break a night owl sleeping schedule?
How much of your software development time is unpaid and spent learning new technologies that you will need to know to continue earning a living?
Where can someone buy genuine passport and birth certificate on the internet?
What are the most interesting products and innovations that First Merchants is coming out with in 2016?
What is the difference between hope and faith when I say I have hope in you and I have faith in you?
What should I do if I want to root and flash my motorola defy but I don't know where to start?
If there were a war between the Muggles and Wizards, what strategies can the Muggles use to win the war?
What are the differences between anabolic and catabolic pathways? What are some examples?
If I visit someone's profile will it show up in the visited you and visitors section even after my account has been deleted?
I am a BTech student and I am really interested in mental illness and psychological disorders. How can I get into this field?
What if I choose card payment for Ola or Uber and didn't made payment for the ride taken?
Which is a suitable inpatient drug and alcohol rehab center in Henderson County IL?
What is the deepest and or funniest Calvin and Hobbes comic strips?
Why aren't countries like Norway, Sweden, Switzerland and Holland in the news for the wrong reasons?
How can I make a Powershell script which cuts a document and pastes it in a chosen folder?
Meditation: What are the hobbies that help to develop concentration and create a focused mind other than yoga?
What Christmas traditions do you and your family have for Christmas Eve and Christmas Day?
What is dark matter and why do scientists believe it exists?
Who said this quote \"I have seen empires rise and fall\"? Maybe it is from a movie. Thanks a lot!
I was recently hired at Chipotle. It has been a month now and they still haven't sent me the necessary paperwork. What should I do?
What is Bitcoin? How can we earn and sell or purchase anything online via Bitcoin in India?
Can I install (on Windows 32-bits) 2 versions of Python 2.x and 3.x (to run different libraries)?
Why do group of street dogs bark and howl in the midnight?
What do you think about the start-up LENDICO, venture of Rocket Internet? It is extending at Russian and Italian Market. Do you believe it will have success?
What patterns of settlement and immigration has the UK demonstrated in history?
How can I explain for my parents that abusing kids is a real thing and not a western perception of discipline?
What are the most interesting products and innovations that Resource Capital is coming out with in 2016?
Were Asian people in USA segregated and discriminated against in the 60s?
Can I take a loan from a bank and invest it in mutual funds?
Are electron gain enthalpy and Electron affinity the same or different?
If the main purpose of all organisms is to reproduce and procreate, how does homosexuality develop?
God said to Adam & Eve, \"eat of the fruit and you shall surely die\". Why didn't they die after the fruit consumption?
Which is a suitable inpatient drug and alcohol rehab center in Marshall County KY?
My girlfriend has been touched (boobs) severally by a relative and there has been 2-3 incidents where someone else touched her boobs. Is she slut?
Have you ever met a celebrity and share your experience either good or bad?
Can a girl be in a relationship and have a guy best friend?
Will you justify Dunga leaving out Firmino, Marcelo, Thiago silva and David Luiz? What is Brazil's chance then in Copa America?
When does hunting season start in Alabama, and how does it compare to the hunting in California?
In what format the pictures taken by a satellite or spacecraft sent to earth and how is it processed as image that are published by space agencies?
If A:B = 3:4[/math], B:C =8:10[/math], and C:D=15:17[/math], then how can I find A:B:C:D[/math]?
What kind of strategy does Elon Musk use to learn things and what should we do to be smart like him?
Can anyone give me a brief insight on Uk Actuarial Science and how many papers are there to clear ?
At mumbai airport I have 10 hours gap between an domestic and an international flight. what should I do take rest as it will be night time?
A no. when divided by three no.s 9, 11, 13 leaves the remainders 8, 9 and 8 respectively. If the order of no. is reversed, then what will be remainder?
What are the most interesting products and innovations that Spark Therapeutics is coming out with in 2016?
How is wind energy classified, and how does it differ from motion energy?
Who are \"Seinfeld\" characters and how do they interact with each other in the series?
Do we need a smartphone which floats in water and doesn't crack in case of a drop event?
If I'm no longer seeing gains by microloading weight and have hit a plateau by doing 10-13 reps, should I start lifting heavier weights for less reps?
In nuclear reactor reactions, \"4H -> He+ 2positrons and some gases... Then, what happens to helium in above reaction?
A metal has a density of 10.22 g/cc, atomic weight of 95.94 and atomic radius of 0.136 nm. Is it BCC or FCC?
Can a woman be feminist and still submit to her husband?
My TSH levels are 5.68 and have been experiencing weight loss and excessive hairfall. Should I start treatment or wait and repeat tests?
What are the questions that can be set as WiFi SSID and the answer to it as password?
What is the origin of the Tall, Grande, and Venti nomenclature at Starbucks?
Evolutionary Psychology: Were humans ever prey for animals, and if so how did that influence the evolution of the human mind?
I started chatting with this guy on Tinder. It's been hardly 3 days and he has already asked me to meet over drinks. Should I meet him?
What will be the exercises and time period to get six pack abs?
Which is a suitable inpatient drug and alcohol rehab center near Johnson County GA?
Why are people obsessed with Facebook statuses and how many likes they get?
Mr. Robot (TV series): Is Mr. Robot a good representation of real-life hacking and hacking culture? Is the depiction of hacker societies realistic?
Should I get a job or not? I'm 26 year old my DOB is 1989 and completed my B.E(computer) this year from uni pune
What are the best colleges offering bachelor of education in India, and Is Indraprastha University one of them?
Would you rather be rich and ugly or poor and good looking?
What is the difference between ACCA and ICAI in the long run?
Can I use gram flour and turmeric face pack daily on my face?
How do I overcome this problem of an adverse police report after police verification and get my passport? I was present during the PV
If a person has two job offers from Qualcomm and Intel, which one should he go for? And why?
What should you do if you ask an instructor a question in class and they ask \"does this make sense?\" after explaining, and you still don't get it?
What is the importance of the de jure and de facto segregation?
If you could press a button and get  dollar 1,000,000,000 but you'd kill a million people, and everyone knew that you did, would you do it?
Why do some girls stare at you and then look away when you catch them?
How can I learn to read, write and speak Korean online?
Should India begin making cross border incursions into China and should there be increased military deployment along CoK (China occupied Kashmir)?
Is my husband is a narcissist? On top of that he has anger management issues and doesn't believe in therapy. How do I get out quickly and easily?
What is the purpose of doing rectangle and Pentagon in compass surveying?
I want to build a very simple Android App like SHAREit. I want to learn Android Programming and other things needed. From where should I start?
How do I provoke my creativity and imagination so that I can come up with more ideas?
Is there any evidence that behavior, habits, and emotions follow thoughts?
Why are so many people content with just earning a salary and working 9-6 their entire adult life?
What are the major stereotypes people have about Iceland and to what extent are they true?
In Java what is a more logical way of writing this iterator() and remove() method from a linked list?
What kind of training and experience do the IPS trainees gain?
Do I need to know NumPy and SciPy before I start Learning Pandas?
My crush starts talking to me more when I post and talk about another guy, does he like me?
If your DNR was ignored in the emergency room and you are now filled with tubes and life support how do you get off of it?
What is the color I would get from mixing gold and brown hair dye on black hair?
If I have someone blocked on Instagram and I accidentally like their photo, do they get a notification?
What is the (vector) displacement between positions (0.4i + 0.1j) m and (\u22120.8i + 0.6) m, and the distance between the two positions?
Can I publish my photography work under cc0 license on my website and the same work under cc-by license on Flickr?
I have been accepted into Michigan State University and University at Buffalo for Masters in Structural Engineering. Which of these is better overall?
Should video games be banned in which the player engages in brutal and immoral violence in a realistic setting?
What are similarities and differences between the Ottoman Safavid and Mughal empires?
What is the current medical consensus on the validity and utility of the concept of metabolic syndrome?
If Quora doesn't understand my question and marks it as needing improvement, can others still see it?
Citizenship: Married couple where father has Swiss and Danish citizenship, mother has Hong Kong citizenship, and their child is born in Hong Kong - can that child have all three citizenships, and keep them?
Is there any daily cab service between Karapakkam and Ashok Nagar on weekly/monthly basis?
I missed my complete semester 1 due to health issues. What should I do and what are its consequences knowing that I am VIT university student?
What are the properties of solids, liquids, and gases? How are they used?
How can I use Omegle on my iPod Touch and how is it compared to using ChatGig?
If I like Nouvelle Vague films and films from directors such as Eric Rohmer, Jacques Doillon, Jacques Rivette, Agnes Varda and Goddard, what online rental sites can I go to?
What is the spoils system and how did it make political parties more powerful?
My first exam didn't go so well and the thoughts of it are not letting me concentrate and study for my next exams. What should I do?
How do oil companies feel knowing oil and gas (fossil fuel, coal) will soon get depleted?
What are your views on the recent case of mass molestation in Bangalore, and what can be done to prevent such acts in the near future?
I have n fair coins and toss them all up together. Let the number of heads I get be X. My friend, Bob has (n+k) fair coins and he tosses them together too to get Y number of heads. What is probability that P (X >Y)?
Why did humans originate from Africa only and not some other part of the world?
How do I use my knowledge of HTML and CSS to create my own website?
I have seen Prison Break, Dexter, Sherlock, Breaking Bad, Suits, White Collar, Game of Thrones, Arrow and Flash. Which TV series should I start watching next?
What are the differences between Newton's concept of mass and Einstein's (for a layperson)?
Why doesn't Google Trends show the absolute number of searches, and instead normalizes the results with a scale from 0-100?
You're in a room with scientist, a police officer, and an actor. You have to kill one. You're the only one with a weapon. Who will you kill and why?
I have pitch black hair but the hairs around my arms and body are golden blonde? Is it possible that my hair could turn naturally blonde one day?
How a company shares or divides its stocks to NSE and BSE? Or NSE and BSE are just pointers to companies total stocks?
I will soon be starting an office job. I have had many jobs in retail, fast food and service work, but never an office job. Is there any advice you can impart for working in such a setting?
What are the differences between palm trees and coconut trees? What are the similarities?
What is the difference between baking powder and baking soda? How are they used differently for cleaning?
Are Star Wars fans happy with the amount of screen time Han Solo and Leia got in The Force Awakens? Why or why not?
I am interested in both Computers and Science (physics and chemistry) so what field must I choose after 12.?
How does Facebook Games make money and how can we make money from Facebook by games?
What was Damien Chazelle, the director of Whiplash and La La Land, like at Harvard? What\u2019s it like to go to school with him?
For those who have read The Percy Jackson series and The Heroes Of Olympus, who is better -- Percy Jackson or Jason Grace?
When tables are double enumerated (3.1, 3.2, etc.) is a full stop placed after the number and before the space separating it from the table title?
What is a current source and what are the differences between voltage source and current source?
Why is pewter so expensive, and how does its properties compare to those of gold?
Is drinking lemon with water really good for your digestive system and does it become \"alkaline\" once it enters the body?
How can one crack Delhi University's LL.M entrance exam within 2 months and without coaching? Are there any best books?
Which physical traits are women truly and honestly most attracted to?
How did you get into an Ivy League school? What was your GPA and extracurriculars in high school?
A manager of a local pizza parlor screamed at me, the customer, on the phone and called me a \"fucking jew\". How do I receive compensation for this and is it enough for a lawsuit?
How do I get all the major site names and places for each city in India?
Does Amazon Prime free two-day shipping apply to Hawaii and Alaska, or just the contiguous 48 states?
What is the difference between seagate expansion and Seagate Backup Plus external hard drive?
What is your favorite season and why is it your favorite?
Why is Indian culture (practices and way of living) always ridiculed by Westerners and also Indians in the online community?
Since there are no wars should we start genetically alternating the birth rates of males and females to be the same due to the large male birth rate?
Should France ban full face and body covers for Muslim women?
What are the best ways to prepare for and crack the SBI SO IT officer and IBPS  I.T. Officer (Scale - 1) exam?
I have a huge crush on my classmate who is smart, funny and beautiful. We talk to each other frequently but recently, I found out that she likes drinking alcohol. I am not a drinker and normally that should bother me, considering I come from a religious family, but why do I still want to ask her out?
What are the differences between a 12 and 14 gauge wire? How are they utilized?
Did Prof. Richard Muller's paper \"Now, and the Flow of Time?\" pass a peer-reviewed process?
What are the most interesting products and innovations that Cell Therapeutics is coming out with in 2016?
What are the similarities and differences between the stories of Jesus and Horus?
How do the holy scriptures of Hinduism compare and contrast to those of Buddhism?
How do I remove Spyware, Malware and viruses from my Android tablet?
How can one overcome depression, anxiety attacks, ADHD and hypothyroid (hashimoto's) all together?
What are the profit margins of fruit and vegetable farmers in India?
Hi guys I have a question\u2026I am an IT professional and I have a plan for doing MBA\u2026now tell me which MBA \u00e7ourse will suite me?
Is there a possibility of a new religion being propounded in the 21st century and will this religion create significant impact?
Which is a good inpatient drug and alcohol rehab center in Washington County IL?
Is it true your soul can suddenly implode and incinerate your body?
What could be the next new game changer in terms of technology which never came before and will strike the companies all over the world by lightning?
What is a suitable inpatient drug and alcohol rehab center near Cheyenne County CO?
How was the Indian government able to keep its decision of demonitising 500 and 1000 notes secret till the hour of Modi's announcement?
This guy I am dating always wants to kiss me, but I am too shy. I want it to be like my best kiss and then I lose all of my courage. What are some tactics for this? How should I kiss him?
Why are there so many violins in a symphony orchestra, and when did the current number become standard?
Is it really true that the Quds Force nurtured the Taliban and Al Qaeda in an effort to destabilize the Middle East?
Between Volvo, Volkswagen, Audi, Mercedes, BMW, and Jaguar, which of these brands is the most reliable if the car is well-maintained?
If you came to know that your ten year-old is not yours but got mixed up with another child in the hospital and you had the option of keeping only one of them what would you do?
What is the best material and progression path for learning Data structures and algorithms?
What are the rules and regulations when visiting an inmate at Valdosta prison and how does it compare to prisons in Alabama?
I have a Google+ profile of an old account of mine and I'd like to delete it. However, I have forgotten the email address and password used. What can I do?
Why most people don't care about their security and privacy in the cyber space?
If universe is expanding without a limit and dark and vacuum energy are created as it expands\u2026?
When buying a new PC for 3D modeling and rendering, which one is the most important factor? CPU, GPU or RAM?
Why does my best friend girl gets annoyed when I call her sister accidentally and doesn't like me calling her sister at all?
How do I divide a long flight into two and rest for a day at a hotel?
I am an Indian married female with a B. Tech in ECE. I worked as a Java developer for 5 years, and am planning to do a MBA in Germany to switch to a non technical role. What are some various job roles, MBA streams and universities to look for?
Did John Lennon write the song 'Now and Then' dedicating to Paul McCartney?
I am doing Lorentz Force calculations for a Railgun, and I don't understand the variable \"q\". What is q the charge of? Does Coulomb's law apply?
I have a general PwD reservation for the JEE Main. What does this mean and what chance do I have of getting into a good NIT/IIT?
When ice melts, it forms water. When water boils, it forms steam. Ice, water and steam have very different properties, still it is considered as physical change. What is the possible reason for this?
It has been a year since I got engaged and I don't feel for my fiance anymore, what should I do?
Which buissness I can start with 50k and earn 50k every month 8n India?
What are the differences and similarities between social democracy and liberal democracy?
Let ABCD be a convex quadrilateral with perimeter 5/2 and AC = BD = 1. What is the maximum possible area of ABCD?
Sometime many ideas flows continuously with great speed and I think that they are good but when I try intentionally they don't come, why this happens?
What is a suitable inpatient drug and alcohol rehab center near Davis County IA?
If the car in front of you stops after the stop line and you stop at the stop line, do you legally have to stop a second time?
What are the most brutal, painful and violent ways to die?
How are the placements at other B-schools like S.P. Jain, JBIMS, NMIMS, SIBM, and XLRI compared to the IIMs? Is it worth joining these institutes?
What kind of glasses frame and hairstyle suit a long, oblong male Indian face?
What was Kunal Singhal's rank in ntse and how did he prepared for ntse ..?
How could Hitler ''brain wash'' so many people, and persuade them to agree with his ideology?
I get negative thoughts while praying and I am just not able to control them. What do I do (P.S. Question edited)?
I spilled some water on my laptop (not too much), and took all advised precautions. The laptop seems to work fine, but will performance be affected?
If my cousin died of Ovarian Cancer and I got my Ovaries out to not get it, and go into early menopause, can't I sue the Johnson & Johnson for it?
I just started the gym 15 days back. My weight is 55 and height is 5'5 and my trainer is asking me to take weight gainer. I am 18 years old. What should I do?
How is the master's of professional engineering, chemical engineering and biomolecule in the USYD in Australia?
What is the location of Palawan, and how does this Island compare to Kiritimati?
Why do feminists not make clear that they're talking about large scale societal trends and not individuals when concepts like privilege and social interactions are discussed?
Is our body ideal for earth only? Does the process of circulation of blood and the fluid in our body is effected by gravity?
What should I do? I am 25 years old unemployed and depressed.Should I consult a psychologist or career counselor?
Is Quora causing people in their 20's and 30's not to enjoy their lives?
Goldman Sachs offers internship in both my local area and in New York. Where should I apply for?
I am dropping this year to prepare for neet 2017 and aiims.I am confused that should I take dlp course or join allen kota?
How do I filter out Trump and Hillary related content from my feed?
Just a few months back the price difference between petrol and diesel was only  rupee 10 and now it is  rupee 16. Why did this variance happen?
How do you get a gamer girl who is 3 years older than you and of the same race but is on the other side of the earth?
What are the most interesting products and innovations that Home Properties is coming out with in 2016?
Why aren\u2019t people using Quora like Facebook, although it is much more beneficial and interesting? What's your experience? Do people consider you mad?
If you publish an eBook on KDP (Amazon Kindle Publishing) and do nothing to promote it (basically, just upload and walk away) should you expect sales?
In the periodic table, why are periods and groups not called rows and columns?
How much was spent on online search and display ads in 2010?
How can I effectively induce a state of perpetual gratitude, humility and trust in my mind to reduce antagonistic moods/thoughts?
My wife and her friends were talking about their sex lives in a girls night out and she shared some details from our bedroom. I feel bad. Should I?
Which country gives quick and easy PR if you go their to study in Nursing and in how many years between Australia, Canada or New Zealand?
Where can I get best stripout and defit services across the Sydney?
Why don't people from Singapore do their groceries and eat out in Johor Bharu (Malaysia) where it's much cheaper?
I'm long-term unemployed, my last two jobs we're a bit unrelated to my degree, and I previously pursued entrepreneurship. How can I salvage my career?
I have a Samsung Galaxy Grand Prime and it does not support OTG. How can I get OTG support on it?
How do you write and say 'thank you' in Bengali and Urdu?
Chamath Palihapitiya: How do you manage ego and humility among Warriors players? What is the incentive program for success?
What is a good inpatient drug and alcohol rehab center in Wayne County IA?
Do men and women feel the same about posting comments to blogs and sites anonymously, as opposed to using their real names?
I started doing high-intensity sprints and my knees hurt. Am I doing something wrong?
What is the difference between Balinese Hinduism and Hinduism as it is practiced in India?
What need start for a new investor and what are the things to look into before investing?
What is the difference between an MS in international business and master's of international business? Which one has more scope and is more recognized?
How do I get a girlfriend though I'm very shy and don't have many friends?
What are ISIL's or ISIS' motives and goals? How are they accomplishing them?
What is a suitable inpatient drug and alcohol rehab center in Kane County IL?
Who is Ambrose Tung Young and why does he own a stake in MegaUpload?
How do we know that our sleep isn't reality and our awaken state isn't a dream?
How does a stronger dollar and higher interest rate affect gold prices and why?
I got a D in between all A's and B's in my senior year of college. I want to go to grad school and I am worried this will hurt me. What should I do?
Can I score around 180 in JEE mains if I only study NCERT and I am very well at boards. I have my exam in 2017 where boards are not relevant?
If I delete a contact on whatsapp and my main contact list, will the contact still see updates on my profile and be able to send me whatsapp messages?
Was the decision by the Indian Government to demonetize 500 and 1000 notes right or is it a big scam?
How do I workout to gain mass and how do I workout to get ripped?
How do I deal with emotionally abusive and narrow minded parents?
What are the advantages and disadvantages of being an airline pilot?
What would happen if the US border patrol and customs all of a sudden stopped guarding the US/Canada border?
Who has better 3G service and connectivity: Vodafone or Tata Docomo?
I am looking to hire skip bins online and I am confused what size bin will suit me. How can I find out?
I'm almost 25. Just finished my masters, but I haven\u2019t got any job and huge savings. I'm worried to be not well established at this age. Is it normal?
Do we have any data about the physiological change of enlightened and awakened people other than the fact they have different brain waves? Have we noticed any change at the cellular or DNA level?
I quit Royal Dutch Shell 2 years ago as a grad and now want to rejoin. Is it possible?
What is the deepest lake in Europe, and how does this lake's flora and fauna compare to that of Lake Champlain?
What is the salary of a doctor who has done his MBBS and MD/MS both from AIIMS, Delhi?
What are some flexible work at home jobs that pay atleast 14/h and dont require me to work a minimum set of hours?
Who gets Storm\u2019s End now that Stannis and all the Baratheons are dead?
Which are the top franchises in the U.S. currently and how much investment is needed?
What are the different types of physics and what is and example of it in geophysics?
My girlfriend's hot friend asked me to give her a foot massage. I gave her one and we both loved it, but now my girlfriend is mad at me. What should I do?
Who are the Indians currently working in Quora and what are their educational qualifications?
Angel Investing is catching up quite a bit in India but with limited 'next round of funding' and 'exits', what do you think the landscape would look like 5 years from now?
What is the climate of California's coastal regions, and how does it compare to the climate in Connecticut?
I took an online IQ test and I got 132, is that accurate?
What are the advantages and disadvantages of different forms of school?
What is the strongest evidence for and against the Sapir-Whorf hypothesis?
Which is best rucksack available in India which is in budget and has build quality equivalent to Wildcraft?
How do I get EPF account through my organization and how will be the monthly deduction from salary?
What are some of the best slow and romantic bollywood songs of 2000-2013?
How do I retrieve my IRCTC username and password without having to confirm my email?
What are the pro\u2019s and con\u2019s of having a Scotty dog vs a pug?
How do you deal with work when you and your girlfriend are working in the same office?
How can I ask a question on Quora and offer a knowledge prize?
I want to be a bollywood actress. I'm 15 and live in Delhi, acted in few school plays. I love acting, not rich, can I be it?
In this age of women empowerment, why do we have all men and all women cricket, football, etc. teams? Why don't champions of gender equality demand mixed teams?
Why is it sometimes necessary to require \u03b4 \u2264 1 in a delta-epsilon proof and why do we have to let \u03b4 = minimum {1, epsilon/k} for some constant k?
I want a gaming console which survives longer and dies last. Should I buy the PS4 (12XX model) or the PS4 slim?
Which is the best time and best places to visit Kashmir?
I am 22, my weight is 46 kg and my height is 5.4 ft. What should I do to gain height and weight?
What if steam generator is removed from nuclear power plant, and water at low pressure is sent to nuclear reactor?
What are the good books of circuit theory and network that are being followed by the IITians?
Explain on what basis do acid and basic hydrolysis are employed for different reactions?
If text starts as iMessage and changes to green and said sent as text message are you blocked and did text get sent?
What are the differences between 1080i and 1080p resolution? What are the similarities?
What are the strongest majors in terms of job prospects and what are the weakest majors at Ohio University?
Is there a relation between investment in Reliance Jio and demonetization of 1000 & 500 notes?
I tried to reset my jailbroken Ipad 2 and its stuck on this screen for more than an hour. What should I do now?
What are the necessary and best exercises for completely bigger arms?
What are the pros and cons of dating an artist girl?
How do the fields of Data Mining, Machine Learning and Big Data relate to each other?
Is there a way to bring peace and happiness to all of mankind?
What is the main purpose of gypsum powder and what are the market prospects?
What exactly is biosilk silk hair therapy and how does it differ from other hair conditioning treatments?
What are the differences between Parliamentarian and Presidential form of government?
When a light falls on an object, it absorbs some colours and reflects some. Where does the energy of the absorbed portion of the light go?
Boyfriend made a joke that we should do a threesome for dessert, in front of me and his female best friend. isn't that disrespectful?
How safe Aadhar card is? I mean.. can someone hack its database and implicate someone in a false case?
Has the influence of Russians in science and math been underestimated?
What do you mean by positive and negative steel in beam reinforcement design?
What is the definition of a truncated sentence and what's an example of one?
What are some of the greatest examples of presence of mind and how to improve within yourself?
Would Remain have won the UK EU Referendum if 16 and 17 year olds had been allowed to vote?
How should you answer when called from an unknown phone number and you communicate in multiple languages?
What is the method to download bookmarked and upvoted answers from Quora?
Is it necessary to learn C, C++ and Java before going for Linux or Python?
My phone is constantly heating up, and as a result the battery drains very fast. What should I do?
How will the ban on 500 and 1000 rupee note stop black money?
What are the current efficiencies on the Bosch iBooster and what does this device actually deliver?
Where can one find the smooth ballpoint pens used by Buvette, Marlow & Sons and other high-end diners/restaurants in NYC?
I tried booking in Tatkal for tomorrow but the ticket box shows \"available-24#\" and I was unable to book. What is the exact meaning of this #? Why is there no option of book now below it?
Are there websites that provide good android UX templates to download and build an android app for people with no UX experience?
Where can I get best servicing and designing service for commercial refrigeration in Sydney?
I interviewed with Google one year ago but I didn't end up getting the offer (for software developer). Recently a recruiter contacted me and positively said he would give me another interview. I wrote back after a day but didn't hear back. What is some advice?
Will Quora Members make New Year's resolutions for 2012, and if so what do they resolve for the coming year? If not, why not?
How does Burj Al Arab work? I mean, which is the important structure and how do forces pass form the edge to the foundation?
If you ever wanted to do something for those married women who r nt independent and r served as a house maid at home, then what you would have done?
I managed to dig a tunnel to the centre of the earth and take there with me an article weighing 1 kg. Will the article weigh 1 kg there?
I am 23, female. I have heavier upper body.But my legs and hip area are quite slim. What is my body shape?what exercise are some exercises for upper body?
How will banning Rs 500 and Rs 1000 note help fight corruption in India?
Is It worth buyIng Duke 200 In December 2016? 2017 Duke 200 will come by only mid 2017 and I can't waIt! Please tell or should I go for another bike?
Why can I feel tremors and shaking in my body when I'm lying down and very still?
What's the reason for the conflict between Palestine and Israel? Why do they want to kill each other?
Which countries will support India, if India bids for permanent membership in the UN security council and why? Would there be any hidden intentions of the countries, which are trying to support India?
Is it a problem to have both my cable modem and my router configured for DHCP?
What is the no. of questions in each part of the lateral entry for IIIT hyderabad exam and where to get any sample or previous year questions?
How many page views and unique users do Reddit and Digg have?
How do you take a movie in iMovie 10.1.2 (.mov file) and separate it into clips? Clips show up in thumbnails but not timeline (entire movie one clip).
Your choice for consistent, reliable car repair and maintenance services. This is the right place with affordable prices.?
How will Modi's ban of Rs 500 and Rs 1000 affect those who are having black money?
I smoked cigarettes in my early 20s, quit for 7 years and then smoked lightly (2 packs a week, or so) into my mid 30s and have now been totally quit for 5 years or so. Is smoking still going to kill me?
What are the most interesting products and innovations that United Technologies is coming out with in 2016?
How should I prepare for GD and PI for top IIMs?
I'm 11 years old and I like feet. What should I do?
I am a 3rd year CS student. I have 2 backlogs and am very poor at programming and coding. I feel hopeless. What should I do?
How can I earn a good reputation, gain clients' respect, and instill confidence in me despite me not being an expert in my craft and learning as I go?
Which are the top 10 colleges apart from IIM and what are their average packages?
What is the difference between true type fonts and open type fonts? What are some examples?
I hurried out of the bathroom. My belt was in disarray and I think my butt crack showed few seconds. Will I get put on the offenders list or fired?
I received a parking tickets in DC. The meter looked broken (no display) and had four-hour-parking signs sticked on the front. Should I dispute it?
What are the applications and limitations of a threat and vulnerability management oriented strategy?
I'm thinking of getting a bike. I prefer performance and also good mileage. Which is better - the Pulsar 220F, 200NS, 200AS, or something else?
What are the difference between the sixth, seventh and eighth Edition of Contemporary Abstract Algebra by Gallian?
How are club soda and soda water different and how are they alike?
I am a young woman who recently had a urinal infection (Escherichia Coli) and I am not sure it is cured yet. Is it safe for my sexual partners to perform oral sex on me?
Which movie has a scene of a lady kissing a man and then ripping his heart out through his throat with her tongue? It had vampires.
Mandarin Chinese (language): Is \u6211\u81ea\u5df1 and \u6211\u672c\u4eba the same in this sentence?
How many copies of \"Fear and Loathing in Las Vegas\" were sold over the years?
Does a Master's in Data Science and Analytics carry a future for a chemical engineering graduate?
What are the differences between karate and taekwondo? What are their similarities?
I've to take cat'17 so I want to know when should I start prep and how? Problem is I'm in 3rd sem I've a lot of work which will continue next sem too
What is a wedding registry and are people required to have one?
Nowadays people think they are modern just because they used to wear modern clothes and their mind set is still stereotypes, how's this possible to be assume himself / herself as a modern one ??
Documentaries: In the movie The Act of Killing, why is one of the producers and a number of the camera-men recorded as \"Anonymous\" in the credits?
I'm a student in information security, algorithms, data structures, math. But I was not able to finalize my schedule until recently. I am not a fast learner and find myself falling behind. The textbook questions are harder than the textbook. How can I still manage to get A's?
Why do people enjoy judging and putting down or belittling other people?
Is it possible to insert a LARGE image into a PowerPoint slide, and use a scroll bar to view it (instead of resizing it)?
Is there any way to close Google Chrome with multiple tabs and be able to reopen the specific set of pages?
How would I as an INTP male find and INFJ female for friendship and/or a romantic relationship?
Why Discovery Channel stopped being such a great science channel and started airing so many retarded shows?
What are the causes of an old people smell and how can this odor be removed from an elder?
What are addresses and data lines in a microprocessor 8085 and how are they related?
What are the strongest majors in terms of job prospects and what are the weakest majors at Lehigh University?
What is difference between Non Resident Indian (NRI) and Overseas Citizen of India (OCI)?
If a person has sexual urge and he does not sex, Does his brain work slow?
Is it illegal to buy and sell cars without a dealership?
How is the professional degree of MS in CS with Data Science and Engineering program of University of Colorado (Boulder) to get a good job in data science?
I am in B.Tech CSE program and I am not pursuing Honors. Is there any scope for doing research and publishing papers in any topics?
What is like to be an Indian and not have any friends?
I am not a body builder, I am very weak due to poor food intake and overload work. Can I go with protein or mineral tablets daily to maintain that.?
How many people plant a Quora question, and then answer it as a means of getting exposure?
Which is a good inpatient drug and alcohol rehab center near Phillips County AR?
In the modern world-system, what is the Lexus and what is the olive tree?
I am a Portuguese national and I want to move to Norway. Is it possible?
What are the most interesting products and innovations that Starbucks is coming out with in 2016?
My 13 year old daughter is suffering from dehydration and she wants to bathe but feels very weak, should I help bathe her or would it be too weird?
I do mma for 2 hours a week, kick boxing for 4 hours a week and I lift weights at home for 4 hours a week, should I start drinking protein shakes?
I have got offer from Deloitte USI for the role of analyst and at Siemens PLM software as a Graduate Engineering Trainee. Which one should I choose?
Is it true that everything in our life is already planned by God and we are here just to play our roles?
How is the magnetic field on Earth generated and how were the directions determined initially?
What are the advantages and disadvantages of being a computer programmer?
Is this appropriate? It was the end of the year and then I hugged my teacher and said thank you she then kissed me on the cheek?
What kind of jobs would value business skills and machine learning expertise? I am a data scientist with an MBA but haven't learned ML.
What are some of the ways that Big Data and Machine Learning can help in Cancer research and cure?
What do the graphs of y =x^{(x-1)}[/math] and y=(x-1)^x[/math] look like?
What is a working day and week in the life of a pilot?
What are the differences between metaphors and personification? What are some good examples?
What is the role of Governments and organizations in disaster management?
What are the main advantages and disadvantages of open hole and cased hole reservoir fluid sampling?
What is the difference between IIT and any renowned private college?
My figure measurement is 32.5\" - 25- 36. My height is 5'3\" and weight is 50.5. I am a 25 year old girl. Are my measurements ok with my height, weight and age?
Who can provide me with some know how and financial help to set up a residential complex in Saudi Arabia?
How did \"Geeks for Geeks\" start initially? How much is the investment and many people are required to monitor it now? How do they make money?
Is this really immoral and unethical and should I be ashamed of it?
Whats are the job profiles are after BE (IT) and MBA (Marketing) in IT industry for fresher?
Why do the rich keep getting richer and the poor keep getting poorer in India?
Have you ever wanted something really bad and then later, not so much?
How do I hide my comments and likes from my friends on Facebook?
If two blocks having mass (m1) and (m2) are pushed with a force F on a frictionless surface and begin moving with a uniform acceleration 'a', what would be the force between the two blocks?
Why the hardness of the material is lowering and rising during metal cutting process?
What are the strongest majors in terms of job prospects and what are the weakest majors at Morehead State?
What was the significance of the battle of Somme, and how did this battle compare and contrast to the Battle of Kiev?
What should I do in a Group discussion when others keep fighting and won't let me talk even after I ask them to let me?
How do MIT, Princeton, Wharton and Columbia's financial engineering schools compare?
Why do parents complain about their own parents to their kids and try to distance their family from them but repeat the same behavior to their kids?
When does hunting season start in Alabama, and how does it compare to the hunting in Texas?
Health: How can I reduce my waist size and thighs with exercise? Which exercise should I prefer?
Why didn't the Kryptonians leave their home planet Krypton and colonize nearby worlds to escape the destruction of Krypton?
Why is Quora filled with stupid questions and typically more stupid answers?
Which processor out of Intel i5 or i7 would be better and faster for a laptop with Windows 8.1 OS? Also, which is better: Windows 8.1 or Windows 8?
My grandfather died recently; he owned a MacBook Air. I want to use it now but it isn't wiped, and he never wrote down his password. Can Apple help?
What is 2 percent educational cess and 1 percent additional cess? Where will it go in India?
I got intimate with a guy who is dating another girl. I love him and cant stop him when he gets physical. He treats me as his good friend. What to do?
How do I get the best job as an electronic and communication engineer?
How are careers in optometry changing and what's necessary to stay current?
Processor Architecture: What is the difference between 32-bit and 64-bit CPUs? How does the performance increase for 64-bit CPUs?
What are the main issues that public property developments face, and how do the needs for such developments in Wisconsin differ from Wyoming?
I am about to graduate in engineering from a non-computer science branch and want to build a career in software engineering. How should I progress?
Which is the best way to wish a good morning and good night to close friends?
Why do Muslims give preference to reciting supplications from the Quran and Hadith in the Arabic language rather than in their own language?
If creating a course on 'Deceit, deception and dishonor by the US Government,' which lessons, stories, episodes would you include?
Its my husband's bday.he is in chennai and am in kerala.i want to make his bday will most memorable? How can I?
What is difference between dividend plan and growth plan in mutual funds?
Which is the best way to install Python and Django on Windows 7?
Do all people in Dakshina Kannada and Udupi districts of Karnataka want a seperate state?
Should I tell my ex if my mum is sick and we broke up for half year and never talked since?
\"The Fifty Year War\" claims that Israel offered to return the Sinai and Golan Heights for over twenty years, but the Arabs refused. Is this true?
Fascists: Why are you a fascist and how did you come to be one?
Where can I get SAT Chemistry and Maths Level II past papers?
Who would win in a fight between an unarmed Sergeant Schlock and Avatar Aang at the height of his power?
My Gmail account hacked and my account details been changed, what to do?
What can you suggest me to do with a cute hot guy that is secretly playing with my friends and me ? I don't want revenge because he is my friend, but I want to play with him also
What is the deepest lake in Europe, and how does this lake's flora and fauna compare to that of Lake Superior?
Why is it that when guys message me saying 'hi,' and I respond with a 'hi', they say 'hi' again? Are they expecting me to start a conversation?
Google IO 2013 came up with tons of features that compare to Microsoft, Yahoo, and Apple. How would these companies compete to be aligned with Google?
What is the city of Tennessee's nickname and why was it given this name?
What are the correct positions involving having the forehead, nose, both hands, knees and all toes touching the ground together during Sajdah?
How do I set up a snooker and pool gaming bussiness?
What is the third largest island in the Malay Archipelago, and how does its wildlife compare to Tahiti's?
Can we use DDT to stop the spread of mosquitos and stop the Zika virus until we have a vaccine? Aren't Malaria and Zika worse than DDT?
Who will win the 11th match between FC Pune City and North East United in Hero Indian Super League 2016?
Where can I found best quality commercial and residential fire sprinkler systems in Sydney?
How much of a package do we get from courses in a BSc in physics and math from Chennai Mathematical Institute? What are the campus placements?
Does Armin van Buuren smoke cigarettes? If so, which brand and type of cigarettes does he smoke?
Is it true that India defeated China in 1967 war and China called off the war?
How can I use Omegle on my iPod Touch and how is it compared to using Wocchat?
If ancient aliens visited Earth, who were they, and where did they come from?
What are your predictions for how A Song of Ice and Fire will end (SPOILERS)?
Which is the best inspirational and moving book you have ever read by an Indian author?
I would like to opt my career in travelling like TravelXP, food show hosts, weekend tour hosts, TLC, in Fox traveller and such things. What should I possess in order to get those job positions?
How can we arrange a get together for fathers-in-law and mothers-in-law of both sides of the family?
What do I do if I have a long flight and I snore really loud?
Why do native speakers of Qu\u00e9b\u00e9cois pronounce \"th\" in English as a \"D\" sound, and native speakers of Parisian French pronounce it with a \"z\" sound?
What's the diffference between a high earning guy and and average one (same degree, same organization)?
Why do most guys seem to prefer mature looking women (big boobs and ass) rather than small, cute looking girls?
What are the basic child support guidelines from Kansas, and how do they compare to those from Alaska?
Who would win a fight Between The WorldBreaker Hulk and Marvels version of Zeus? The One who overpowered the Hulk.
How fruitful is pursuing MBA in Global manufacturing and Supply chain management from McGill University?
How do I get myself to be inquisitive about learning and practically applying the knowledge, when I have been just mugging up for exams for a long time?
I need ECNR passport and I don't have 10th mark sheet but,I have diploma certificate and college TC.Is this enough for taking ECNR passport?
Lengths of three sides of a triangle are 5,6 and 8.degree measure of the angles opposite to the sides with lengths 5 and 6 are x and y respectively?
I have two passions, programming and language learning. What are some good ways to combine them?
What are some of the weirdest chocolate bars and chocolate candies sold around the world?
What do you do when you're feeling really depressed and you don't feel like bothering your friends?
What is the point of demonetization of 500, 1000 currency notes and bringing new notes in circulation when new notes can be used for same purpose?
What is the Tesseract in the Doctor Who universe and what purpose does it serve?
I don't have any friends and I feel lonely, what should I do?
How can I prevent Facebook from (1) suggesting my friends to my other friends and (2) making me appear on anyone's \u201dPeople You May Know\u201d list?
What is a list of all American presidents and the years of their service?
. If the statement \u2018\u2018\u201dLINUX is only the karnel, and is not the full system that you use\u2019\u2019 holds true .justifythis statement?
Where is the best place to stretch out your dollars in the entire world? Where can I retire and live decent with the least amount of money for awhile.
What are some instances where men stood up and protected or helped women in need?
Why has kizomba music been hidden from the West for so many years and now finally coming to prevalence?
There is a rule in my textbook \"Put commas and periods inside quotation marks in direct speech.\" Why? Does it mean all commas and periods?
Does all finesse and hand-to-hand training go out the window in a life and death situation, like raiding trenches or urban warfare?
What are some similarities and common things that Greek has with Arabic?
If a couple saved all together  dollar 300,000 in the bank and moves to New York City and makes over  dollar 90,000 a year would they be able to live luxuriously?
What  percent of a salaried person's income goes back to the Govt in India in the form of direct and indirect taxes? Approx 30 percent is deducted at source itself, then you pay VAT, Service tax etc
What are the risks of the rabies vaccine in humans, and how long does the protection last?
I want to hack my ex-boyfriend's Facebook account, and want to know his reality. How can I do it?
What are the strongest majors in terms of job prospects and what are the weakest majors at Oakland University?
What should I read after The Hobbit and Lord of the Rings?
A friend of mine just got laid off. She's in her late forties and a single mom. How can I be helpful to her?
Using the numbers 0, 2, 4, 5, 6 and 7, how many 3 digit numbers can be formed?
Who will win the 10th match between Mumbai City FC and Atletico de Kolkata in Hero Indian Super League 2016?
If Jeb Bush, Kasich, and Christie dropped out and endorsed Rubio, would he defeat Trump?
What were the short term effects and what are the long term effects of the Cold War?
Is it a coincidence that Dreyers and Breyers ice cream have similar names?
How would you explain the difference between a Data Science Engineer and a Data Infrastructure Engineer, under the wide Data Engineer banner simply?
If an older woman is known as a 'cougar' and the younger man is known as a 'cub', then what is the older man and the younger woman known as?
While installing Windows 10, an error has occured and now it is showing 'please insert Windows disc', and it is not opening. I don't have a Windows disc. What should I do now?
What shape is the likelihood-distribution in time of Trump starting Thermonuclear War and why; does it integrate to 1 over four years?
What is the best way to travel from Bangalore to Tirupati Temple and return back over a weekend with family?
What will be the effect of recent demonetization of rs500 and rs 1000 notes on the real estate or property business?
If a fight broke out between a lion and a shark, who would win?
Name one book (this may be a series also) which changed your life, and a brief summary of what message you got from that book?
You have Rs. 10,000/-. In which Mutual fund in India you would be investing in for Maximum 3-6 Month Period and Why? Also suggest any Alternative if any other than Mutual Fund.
Which company is the biggest media and advertising spender in Nigeria?
What is the difference between thaats and ragas in Hindustani classical music?
Will Windows run well enough to use Excel and Outlook in a VM on the new 2015 MacBook?
Why doesn't Quora show a net result of upvotes and downvotes something like 10 upvotes and 7 downvotes = +3?
I want to prepare for UPSC. I have got 6 months free and then a year of engg college. How do I go about it if I plan to give the exam in 2018?
I have just been given the title of salutatorian, and need to run a speech by my principals today. What is an original idea I can use?
What movie can you watch and never get tired of watching?
What happens if Narendra Modi starts his own party and contests in 2019 General election?
How do I stop my 2.5 year old daughter from eating and demanding chocolates everyday?
If you get a chance togo back to past and change one thing, what will it be?
Why do my car's steering wheel and accelerator pedal shake and vibrate while I'm driving?
What is the difference between '-' and '-=' operators in C++?
Can you sell two properties and buy one with same or more money?
If I buy a new Airtel 4G sim of a new mobile number and can I change it into my current mobile number?
Why do we use the name India and not Bharat for our country?
How do I lose fat and body weight (proven and practical ways)?
Who is the finest Bollywood actor and actress of our generation and why?
Why do only the union territories of Delhi and Puducherry have chief ministers and not others?
How do I cope with this situation that effects me, and triggers a sense of injustice, and why does it affects me?
The doctor told me that I am short-sighted in one eye only, and the other eye is perfect. How can this be?
If the United States withdrew all military forces from Iraq and stopped fighting ISIS, what would happen?
Ways in which corporate memory and the idea channel is improved via the bibliographic chain?
How does Uber provide security both for the driver and the passenger? How does Uber guarantee the ride? Can the driver just end the ride somewhere else?
What is a suitable inpatient drug and alcohol rehab center in Lake County IL?
I'm undecided between Hillary Clinton and Donald Trump. Who should I vote for?
Ex-scientologists: what are some insights from Scientology you think are valid and should be spread outside of Scientology?
Why are stereo speakers from JBL and Beats so costly? How is their sound quality better than others?
What are the strongest majors in terms of job prospects and what are the weakest majors at the University of Portland?
What percentile in CAT will be required to get admission in IIM-A/B/C and other iims(new) OBC category with the following credentials?
What is the difference between bonded leather and genuine leather? What are their similarities?
What are a soldier's thoughts and emotions just before he's about to kill someone?
What is the reason my answer collapsed and my appeal rejected with no further appeal allowed?
In what ways are we brainwashed as children, and why don't we allow children to decide for themselves when they are grown?
Should I leave my job and devote full time to novel writing?
Should child vaccinations be enforced by law, and if so, which vaccinations should be mandatory?
I can't format my SD memory card. It shows 9 used and 0 free space and write protected. What is the solution?
Which camera should I choose between GoPro and DSLR for my trip to Turkey and Dubai?
What's the body that governs sports in France, and its (email) contact point?
How can the drive from Brooklyn to Staten Island be described, and how do these cities' tourist attractions compare to those in Queens?
What are the ways to produce stable and pure crystal Meth?
Are there any sites which explain shares and the stock market in very simple terms?
Can I make a million dollars selling baby products, furniture and home decor? Be for real with me?
Does replacement of Rs. 500 and Rs. 1000 notes curb black money and corruption?
What is the current state of research into the colossal magnetoresistance manganites, and what are the prospects for technological applications of these materials?
Where can I find the best Mountaineering and trekking institutes in India?
What are the relative strengths and weaknesses of biplanes vs. monoplanes?
How can the functions of the jejunum and ileum be described?
Which would be the best book to read and learn about evolutionary biology and the modern understanding of evolution?
Why does a man need women's clothes and makeup for sexual release?
What is GST (INDIA) bill and why is there such a hype for it?
How does it feel after sleeping with a friend and loosing virginty knowing the fact that he/she can't be a life partner?
Who are the people still choosing to vote for Donald Trump and why do they want to vote for him (other than because he's the Republican nominee)?
Can we use both past and present tenses in a novel?
What are the best satiricial and comical plays to stage that is an hour long?
How far is Batangas from Laguna, and how do these city's tourist attractions compare to Rarotonga's?
What is the scope of getting into UCB with an ACT score of 34 and 790/800 in SAT Subject test of Physics and Maths 2?
What is a good GPU for gameing and modeling/rendering for  dollar 1000 rig?
What would life be after, tsunamis, earthquake and thunderstorms, volcanic eruptions occur simultaneously in different parts of the world?
To fellow atheists, agnostics, and deists, do you think there is objective morality, and if so, from what?
Who are good lawyers and law firms in the Bourbonnais, IL area?
How do I create an effective and professional LinkedIn profile page?
I am looking for investors to fund a lucrative business. Where could I find real, genuine and international investors? Would Quora be the best platform?
What is the difference between braising steak and stewing steak? How are they similar?
Do MBA grads working in Corporate Offices and watching Game of Thrones associate themselves with Boltons or Lannisters and not with Starks?
What are the cash-in-hand salaries of a: lieutenant, major, and lieutenant colonel in the Indian army?
What is a good inpatient drug and alcohol rehab center near Alachua County FL?
What are the likely effects on US trade and the domestic economy if the U.S. Dollar loses its global reserve status?
What is the historical background of Cinese workers on Australian gold mines, and how does gold production the compare to the production in Mexico?
Let (y=0,x= infinity) is center of a circle with radius 1 and y=1 is tangent to the circle then what is the point of contact?
Which are some apps that are popular in the USA but not so much in India and have not yet been implemented due to whichever reasons imaginable?
If a Bollywood movie were made on the life and career of Dhirubhai Ambani, what would be its climax scene?
A lady brought roses at the rate of 14 for rupees 180 and sold them at the rate of 16 for 220 rupees and made profit of rupees 50?
I am a 20 year old male with wavy, dry hair and dandruff.  I want to prevent hair loss and strengthen my hair. What mixture should I use?
What is the relevance of probability and statistics to computer science/engineering?
Are Social Fundraising sites like Rally and Fundly making money, If yes How?
How will the TTIP benefit other countries if discussion only between the EU and the US? What is being hidden from the world?
Can I use famous characters from movies and TV shows as a fake profile for marketing material on Twitter, Facebook, etc.?
Does USPS mail auto-forwarding work for UPS, Amazon, and FedEx deliveries? If not, how can I get all non-USPS delivered auto-forwarded as well?
What would have happened to Rahul Gandhi if he was a citizen of some Islam country and if he would have commented against his own nation and soldiers?
Choosing Colleges for Graduate School: I got accepted to MIT and Stanford for Physics, which one should I go to?
How does one calculate the height and radius of a cylinder if only the volume are known?
I want to do a project to boot my Nexus 7 tablet with Android and Linux with a few apps of my choice. How can I do this?
I'm like 5\u20325 17 year old male, My mom used to be 5\u20324 and dad used to be 5\u203211. Is it possible for another growth spurt?
What is your experience using Xcode on MacBook and whether you find it too slow when building apps using the simulator?
How hard is it to get an ebay API key and an ebay affiliate account?
What is the cause for a large number of men and their lack of ability to effectively communicate?
What was the significance of the battle of Somme, and how did this battle compare and contrast to the Battle of Borodino?
Do the homosexuals and transsexuals have no fear of Allah and the punishment of an eternal life in hell for disobeying his rules?
I texted a girl \" hey sexy, you don't understand how much I want you here right now and she replied.\"Jesus Christ\". What does this mean?
What is it like to be an only child and get married to an only child?
Why did only the US and the USSR became the superpowers after WW2? Why didn't the UK and France became superpowers as they were far less devastated by the war than the USSR?
Do you think that Indian girls are getting uglier, darker and greasier slowly with time and are starting to look just like men?
What was the first programming language that you learned, and how long did it take you to learn the language?
What is the difference between port and socket in Internet terminology?
What are the best audiophile headphones and why are they the best?
If I am a British citizen, got pregnant with a US citizen and gave birth in the USA, would I be able to get some sort of visa to live over there?
What do you think of recent PickUp Artists (PUA) like Neil Strauss and Mystery? Does their technique work?
I'm in 12 steps program. Been sober for 4 years and counting.I've read about LSD and want to try it, If I used it once, would that be a relapse?
How do I assemble the scattered thoughts in my mind and give them a seamless flow to write a book?
How could I differentiate between online UPS and offline UPS from their circuit and working?
In the movies, art thieves remove old master oil paintings from their frames and roll them up. Wouldn't that destroy the painting?
I have good grades throughout my academic studies, and I am working in a quite good company for a better salary. Now I am feeling like I want to leave IT for 1 year and try for competitive exams. Is it possible to come back to IT and would it have a bad impact on my career?
I had my wisdom teeth pulled years ago and developed concussion symptoms. What can I do?
Have you ever saved a life and if so, how did it make you feel?
What is something that you have never told anybody, and that you can only say anonymously?
What is the difference between biographies and autobiographies? What are their similarities?
How do the people of England, Wales, Scotland, Ireland and N. Ireland think of each other?
Is the JEE maths common for paper 1 (B.E, B.Tec) and paper 2 (B.Arch, B.Planning)?
I had a date with a guy last month. We have a lot in common and we connected well. I did not hear anything from him for a week. I had initiated the conversation, but his replies were short and he did not initiate the contact. I asked for a second date and he agreed. Did he reply out of courtesy or he is interested in me?
What is a comprehensive list of the duties and powers awarded to the President of the United States?
What are the best skateboard bearings and why? How are they made?
In my Dream, I was trying to lock a cat inside a room, and it desperately wants to get out and at last it bites me and ran out. what does it mean?
I need to change the look and feel of a site. Is there a tool to add my site and change it, so I can show the proposal to the design team?
In your opinion, why is male football better than female? I'm writing an essay and can't find the answer to this particular question.
No, not, never, negative, nein, neither, nope, non, none, nix, nuh-uh, nil. What's with \"N\" and so much negativity? Who cursed this poor letter?
What is the third largest island in the Malay Archipelago, and how does its wildlife compare to Hawaii's?
What should a guy do when he knows that a girl likes him as a nice guy and wants to be with him but can't leave her 7-8 years old but not so good relationship with another guy?
I'm a big guy. When I get angry, people get scared and accuse me of threatening them. How do I stop this? I'm not actually a violent person.
Philosophy: We must create ourselves (according to Sartre) and also create our own essence. How should I do that?
I'm an atheist and very ignorant about religion, so to educate myself I'd like to read the bible and other religious works. Where do I start?
What is Edgware like, and how does the lifestyle compare to Oxford?
Why do we love poeple who hate us and hate people who love us?
I joined company A 2 days back and I received offer from company B. I absconded from A and accepted offer of B. Will B know about it?
What would Albert Einstein probably work on and possibly discover if he had lived 20 more years?
What are the differences between Java Swing and Java Spring? And how about Spring vs MVC?
What are the best resources for learning Spanish and how can I become a competent speaker, reader and writer of the Spanish language?
What is the difference between corn flour and cornstarch? Which is best for baking?
Where is the Baraka River located, and how does it compare to the Yenisei River?
What does Germany look like, and how does its geography compare to Albania's?
My Indian parents saw Fifty Shades of Grey in Hong Kong about an year ago and I am suddenly feeling sick thinking about it. What should I do?
What are some unusual aspects about politics and government in Australia?
I am 22, my weight is 33 kg and my height is 4.10 ft. and I am too skinny. what should I do to gain weight and height?
What are the different grade levels and titles at top consulting firms (M&B&B, Strategy&, LEK etc) and do they differ?
I am using all the stupid questions asked of me about gods, atheism and other illusions to gain credits by simply answering each of them in one line. Is that a poor practice?
What is the difference between a life sentence without parole in prison  and a 500 year sentence? Why assign the years?
What are the best reasons why texting and driving should be illegal?
What are the steps for learning to read and write in a language that you can already speak and understand?
If an optical beam is split in an interferometer equally with amplitude x and frequency y, what would the amplitude and frequency of the two beams be (will the amplitude and frequency be split equally)?
The Love Guru (2008 movie): I had a girl who was my friend iIlove her and iIexpressed my feelings to her Now she doesnt want to talk to me What should i dI now?
I'm a 20 yo female who doesn't want to go to college, homeless and broke. How do I get out of this society while I'm still young enough?
Why is Rudy Giuliani so enthusiastic in being Donald Trump's attack dog and sidekick while he has much higher profile than Donald Trump in my opinion?
What are the 10 best love and romantic Tamil movies of all time?
What are some good projects to do in networking and communications for a 2nd year student?
Why do humans have different blood types and why can certain types not be mixed?
I go into the bathroom after my brother was in there for about 20 minutes and it doesn't smell. Is he watching porn?
Is there anyone who didn't qualify for JEE Mains/advanced and BITSAT with a good rank even after a drop?
Why should I study physics and chemistry to get a computer science seat?
If the body is paralyzed during REM sleep, which is when dreaming occurs, why is it so common for people to toss and turn and move and even speak during dreams? Are they dreaming in a non-REM sleep?
If the area of curved surface of a right circular cone is 40\u03c0 units and radius of its base is 5 units then its height is?
2. Where does DNA polymerase gets energy to take triphosphate and join to sugar phosphate chain during DNA replication?
I've been living in California for the last few years. My wife is in India and she will be joining me at UC Davis. If I pay her tuition, would I qualify for resident tuition?
Did everything that happened in the TV and movie versions of Star Trek occur in the Milky Way?
Unfortunately I got an overall 6.5 in IELTS with two 7 bands and two 6.5. Is it acceptable in the US for a MEng?
What are the best resources when applying for a kinesiology and exercise science graduate degree?
Is there any parallel between Jon Snow and any other mythological character in particular?
What is the difference between scaffolding, shuttering and framework as per civil engineering?
How do I prevent being redirected to ads and download pages in the Android version of Chrome?
I sold a company for 100 million USD. I live in California, and the companies are registered in Delaware. How much do I keep after tax?
What are the health benefits and risks of knitting and other needlecrafts?
I am staying in Mumbai, and I have my voter ID. Where I can vote?
What are some research topic in civil engineering and in structural engineering?
I'm pretty good at math, but I'm absolutely trash at coding and find no interest in it, is there a fix to this?
How do I identify adulterated milk and milk products at a home level without using chemicals?
What could happen if I drove before I got my license and I got pulled over? I have my permit.
If all of the oceans were replaced with gasoline, and a match was thrown in, what would happen?
I guess most of us know what we want and need to do in life. But how is that only a few have it all sorted?
Which TV channel shows Dragon ball GT and Dragon Ball super in English?
Why is India bothered about Brahmdagh Bugti and Baluchistan rather than addressing conflicts in Zaire or Sudan or Lybia?
Why can women have multiple orgasms and keep going while men can not?
After my 6-month UK tourist visa finishes, can I leave for a day anywhere and come back or is there a certain number of days that I have to spend outside?
Did Unclos prohibit China from turning reef into man made islands and militarization of island?Which international law did USA rely on to blame China?
Is there a way to extract specific keys and values from an ordered dictionary in Python?
What are the similarities between socialism and capitalism? What are their differences?
I am not happy with myself. I think my memory is bad, and I struggle in conversations as I have to try hard recollecting/ thinking what to say next.
We are growing by leaps and bounds in Packing Moving services in?
What is the worst thing you have done and how did you overcome it and the feelings of guilt and regret ?
What is the best free social media and email management tool?
Have people found 528 Hz to be effective with meditation and deep sleep? Is there research that can prove this?
What is the best way to treat and inner ear infection? Is it contagious?
What is a healthy diet plan for weight loss and how long would it take to loose 15 kgs with moderate exercise?
I want to pursue a career in research and academics. My interest lies in bioinformatics, networking and cryptography. Is there a way to combine bioinformatics and cryptography?
Do all Secret Service agents have very high IQ\u2019s and graduated as valedictorian?
How did Tamil, Telugu, Kannada and Malayalam arise from one Dravidian language family?
What is the mantra to study daily and crack exams like IES?
Why do American Indians as portrayed in TV and film seldom use contractions in their speech?
How do I know my passion? What is my talent and what thing am I good at?
What are the types of hydrogen bonding, and what are its interactions?
What is the difference between RFCOMM server channels and L2CAP Protocol Service Multiplexer?
What are the disadvantages of banning 500 and 1000 rupees notes in India?
I'm a virgin but my bf rubbed his penis on my vagina while I was on my pants and he was naked. Is there a chance to get pregnant?
Can a US green card holder\u2019s son, who is married and over 21 years old, get a US visit visa, if he doesn't have a green card himself?
Why is my ex see me still and he has a girlfriend and last night something happened?
How do I start preparation for cracking the IAS exam? What are some good books and ideas as I am from a middle class family?
I'm forming an S-corp that will sell an app on the Apple App Store and Google Play. I'll be the only employee just working from home. Do I really need to get a business licence?
Were humans meant to be physically ripped and muscular all the time?
Harshad I am interested? Obviously you are trying to sell something, and in normal sense of business I am ready to buy. I need information
Is the money we are earning online with AdSense, Affiliates and payment through Paypal taxable or not? Should I pay tax on this income as normal?
In a verbal confrontation, how do I control my adrenaline and fight reflex so that it does not affect my composure or ability to speak articulately?
How well would someone with a sword and shield do in a modern day battle?
What is the difference between velocity saturation and pinch-off saturation in CMOS?
If I smoked weed once a week ago and took a home drug test 7 days later and passed it will I be able to pass a pre-employment drug test?
If CMYK printers create black by using colored ink and only complementing with black ink, why do shops charge more for color prints?
How would I dress like Anita Radcliffe from 101 Dalmations and make the outfit look masculine?
Can we store onion juice in a refrigerator and apply it to the hair after some days?
How do you drive from Edmonton to Auckland, and how do notable features of the route compare with those of other Canadian cities?
Where can I find bikes and cars on rent in Goa?
Between COE at NSIT,Delhi and COE at DTU, what should i choose?
While creating a song, are lyrics written first and then music is composed fitting those lyrics or first music is composed and then lyrics are written to fit the music?
What are the advantages and disadvantages of IBM Bluemix in terms of offerings, features, and pricing compared to other PaaS services?
Why does a foot massage feel so incredibly good and is so incredibly relaxing?
What do all the letters and numbers on airport runways and taxiways mean?
How much can you get back from the \u201cChild and Dependent Care Tax Credit\u201d if you make US dollar 40,000 per year, are married, and pay daycare for 2 kids?
Is there a difference between consuming naturally occurring nutrients from food and food fortified with the same amount of nutrients?
Which workout split is better between the upper lower body split and the five days split for strength?
What is the status, specification and expected date for the upcoming smartphone LeEco Le x850?
How many LNMIIT students cracked the CAT exam in 2015 and went into top MBA institutes? How can I contact them as I, myself, want to prepare for the CAT next year?
Can you legally buy and own a penguin as a pet?
Is the reason NAMBLA doesn't accept credit card donations, that companies like Visa and MasterCard refuse to do business with them?
Why don't Chinese people revolt against communist rule and bring about democracy in China?
I have a B.Tech degree in CSE and a JLPT N4 certificate. Can I get a good job in Japan?
Why does the NDTV criticize and make fun of Hindu festivals and praise Christian festivals?
For those who are polyglots what is your job and how did your language knowledge help you?
In the United States, for leather (patent fabric, PVC fabric and vinyl fabric) how much or what percent of DEHP ethylhexyl phthalate is allowed?
What's the difference between a native app and a web app for a mobile developer?
Should I take AP Physics C? I'm already in Calculus and next year I'm taking linear algebra. Will not taking physics hurt college apps?
What is the main difference between .accdb and .mdb in Microsoft Access database?
What is the difference between natural hearing and cochlear implant hearing?
I plan to give CAT in Nov 2016 and then prepare for UPSC 2017. Would it be a good plan?
What are the pros and cons between the inquisitorial and adversarial systems in legal procedures?
What are differences between constant a.c. and variable a.c. in supply?
I forgot my Facebook email and password how can I log in?
How can I stop and ignore closed minded people around me that dispute my new ideas and make me feel useless so they can stick with their stereotypes?
What are the ancillary services in travel and tourism? How are they provided?
I planning a 2wk Europe trip, start and end point will be Amsterdam. Italy and Switzerland (interlake) is a must. What are the possible itinerary?
Which are the major highways in California and how are they compared to the major highways in Oregon?
What are some of the cheap and best restaurants in Kochi?
What is the difference between HP laptops of the Pavilion series and the 15's series? Will there be any difference in speed & processing?
Where can I get interior and exterior custom painting and decorative services in northern beaches?
Where can I learn and prepare for CCNA exam for free?
Is there any one who has assassinated a famous personality and escaped without even being arrested?
Why is watching someone give a foot massage and giving a foot massage different?
When me and my girlfriend have issues, she will make me listen to her side of the story and her feelings on the matter but she won't listen to my side of the story or my feelings on the matter. How do I make her stop? Nothing has worked?
How can someone be active on messenger and not receive my delivered message?
What is external respiration and how does it differ from internal respiration?
Why doesn't fire travel in the reverse direction and burn all of the oil when we light a lamp?
How has the Xbox Kinect performed in sales and popularity since its debut, and how has the Xbox One changed its sales trend?
How safe is Papua New Guinea, and how does it's crime rate compare to Bolivia's?
What are the differences between ninjutsu and karate? What are their similarities?
What are the differences between the German and English grammar of the simple past tense and present perfect?
If I have an app on my android smartphone that works offline and I turn only the GPS on (mobile data being turned off), does it consume any data?
I had a panic attack in front of people and now I'm really embarrassed. what should I do?
How can we be sure that what you say is what you really mean and that you are not merely saying it to appease/convince your voter base?
What are some of the best and unique employee perks given by Indian companies?
Which blind spots does the pseudoscience have or propagate, project, propel and propaganda for/towards its followers/fellows(hip)/practice?
Is there a relationship between Brahma in Hinduism and Abraham in the Abrahamic religion?
How do I stop shaking hands, legs and voice while public speaking?
Which is a suitable inpatient drug and alcohol rehab center near Fulton County IL?
What are the main issues that public property developments face, and how do the needs for such developments in Hawaii differ from Indiana?
How do u convert a Scale Invariant Feature Transformation vector of dimension N*128 to N*1 and are all the 128 features of the frames define the same features (for all frames)?
If someone is standing at a close distance and he shoots me in the face with a 50AE Desert Eagle, do I have any chance to survive?
Why is pewter so expensive, and how does its properties compare to those of tungsten?
How much would it cost in US money today to build the exact copies of the Bismarck and the Yamato and fully armed to World War II Specifications?
How can a quarterback's throwing power (force and distance) be increased,  without the rest of the body?
Can I build muscle and lose belly fat at the same time?
How do I explain portfolio types and the level of risk?
Is one male betta, four little neon tetras, and one common pleco too much for one ten-gallon tank?
What is the difference between fleet in CoreOS and container platforms like Docker and Kubernetes?
How much electricity is enough for 250 watt and 400 watt bulb to run for one hour?
How do I listen to the brain and the heart and follow intuition?
What are the best ways to discover talents and interests of a child four- to seven-years-old?
Would Dell Inspiron 15 5567 with ic7 and AMD Radeon R7 M445 be ok for casual gaming?
In the 70s and 80s, was the Australian film industry plagued with pedophiles and drug users, or is this just a myth?
What are you views, pros, cons on ban of 500 and 1000 notes by goverment?
What is the value of vocabulary in the CAT and clearing IIM's selection procedure?
I cannot quit/stop looking at/viewing/watching pornography and using pornography as a masturbatory aid. What should I do about this?
How do I save money and what are the best ways?
Why is it that after finishing my schooling I feel that I am missing something as if people of my age know things which I don't? Other students used to make groups and that always made me feel left out. I constantly feel as if I'm not much aware of things or I am missing something. Why is that?
What are the symptoms of lung cancer, and how can it be cured?
Why aren't my Facebook messages being delivered? We're friends on Facebook and she has been online multiple times since sending.
Is there any relation between a country's climate and its wealth and economic development relative to other countries?
Whenever I drink whiskey all I taste is the alcohol. How can I learn to detect flavors and differences in whiskey, scotch, bourbon, single malt vs. blended, etc.?
What does the United Nations do in promoting and protecting human rights?
Is egmat live verbal course the best and guaranteed way to up your verbal score on GMAT?
Are you looking for a dedicated and cost-efficient BPM Solutions Provider in USA?
How do you determine an expression in terms of A^{-1}[/math] and B^{-1}[/math] for ((AB)^T)^{-1}[/math] with A[/math] and B[/math] being matrices of m\\times n[/math] size?
Angel Investors: What are some of the most outlandish lies and assertions startup founders have made to you? First-hand accounts only.
I am 24 years old and have never been asked out. I am above average looks wise and am not socially awkward. What is the explanation for this?
In the short movie Ahalya, why does the cop get punished and trapped in a doll when he was forced to go to her?
What is the best way to cleanse and detox my body at home?
How much is the royal art collection and Crown jewels worth today?
Where is the Baraka River located, and how does it compare to the Ganges?
How do I draw shear force and bending moment diagrams (strength of materials)?
When we're together he treats me like im his gf but when we're apart he ignores me and just lives his life. What should I do? Getting attached to him
I forgot my MI Account username and password. How to delete that account in Xiaomi Redmi Note 3?
I'm web developer in Python and Golang and I didn't learn PHP very well. Do I still need PHP?
Fighting: Could 30 friends and I take on a silverback gorilla?
Why are emotionally abusive people in my life? Several ex boyfriends, friends, and past coworkers/bosses have been abusers. Do I attract them?
Can an Aadhaar card be accepted as a proof of address and ID in EPIC (Electoral Photo ID Card) registration in Karnataka?
A friend's ex owes her  dollar 30k and won't pay. The bank just closed out his account and sent him a check for balance to her address. Should she cash it?
Who will win the 12th match between India and Bangladesh in the 2016 Kabaddi World Cup?
What are the benefits and effects if bathing daily in the morning?
What is it like flying from Bangkok to Manila and how are these touristic cities compared to Shanghai?
What is the ratio of air and petrol inside an engine?
Dove makes a Men +Care line of soap they say is for the face and body. Is it healthy to use the same bar of soap on your face and body?
What are some net beneficial and net detrimental effects of gun ownership?
I am planning a vacation to Goa (family of 4) for 4 days and 3 nights. What things should I do? Where should I stay, North Goa or South Goa?
What are the different metrics one would use to measure the health, growth and engagement of a website product? For example the Quora's main feed.
Shall I step out from my comfort zone and join work driven company?
What are the strongest majors in terms of job prospects and what are the weakest majors at Saint Joseph's University?
I have a GRE score of 320 (V-152 Q-168) and AWA 4.5, should I retake GRE if I want to apply to Stanford for MS in CS?
How long does it take for letters to get to and sent from navy boot camp?
What are some of the best ways to manage work and studies both at a time?
How do film producers use the logos and presenters of real news channels and network tv shows in their movies?
My boyfriend doesn't have time for me. He is always busy with work, family and friends. Does it mean he doesn't really love me?
Is there an inpatient Drug and Alcohol Rehab Center in Plumas County California?
What is the difference between 'will' and 'will be' in usage?
Which is more loving salamano and his dog or meursault and his mother?
I'm tired of a career of analyzing and want to start building. How should I make the transition?
How many different species of jellyfish are poisonous to humans and which ones can be potentially fatal?
What is the best way to get more viewers and subscribers on Twitch?
Is there any cab service available that provide pick and drop service at london Victoria to Brighton?
What would you do if you wake up one day and realise you are an Alien?
How should I assume the initial size of RCC columns and beams of a building by the thumb rule?
Why doesn't NASA build a spaceship and leave it docked in the ISS to be used for exploration missions?
Which river do Mumbaikars get water from and where is it purified?
Cost for 1kg of A is 260 USD and 1kg of B is 380. AB is made by mixing A and B. If 1kg of AB costs 300, what was the ratio that A and B has mixed?
Why does the SAP course have high fees and working people doing that course?
What are the differences between school board and board exams in class 10? I am opting for board is it good?
What is a post on Quora and how and why is it done?
Which is a suitable inpatient drug and alcohol rehab center in Garfield County CO?
What are the main differences between the work culture of Indian IT companies and other country IT companies (US or European or other Asian countries)?
Neuroscience: How does the relative distribution between long-range and short-range connections (or modularity) differ between human brains and elephant brains?
What is meant by Scopus indexing and how do I know if a conference or journal is Scopus indexed?
How many books are in The Series of Unfortunate Events, and is there any significance to that number?
Does the theory of parallel universes mean that life after death is possible, and bereaved person can ultimately reunite with his lost loved one?
Is there any way to use the having and where clause in the same SQL query?
The Indian government planned about changing 500 and 1000 currency notes 6 months ago. Do you think big businessmen and other VIP knew about this?
Is there a pay gap or an earnings gap between men and women? Either way, can anyone prove it's mostly because of sexism?
Which 10 stocks are worth considering and can give 500 percent yield in 5 years?
How do I improve my vocabulary and English speaking skills? I am a 22 year old software engineer and come from a Telugu medium background. I am able to write well, but my speaking skills are poor.
If I could: travel, many times faster than light, to Mars, and travel back. Would I be able to see my past self travelling to Mars on the way back?
Is it possible to tag people and companies in a LinkedIn Showcase Page update?
What is Boehner hoping to accomplish by coming on international TV and criticizing Obama saying \"He doesn't even have a plan to win\" (the Syria + Iraq conflict / civil war)?
How are careers in nursing changing and what's necessary to stay current?
Would it come off as hurtful or offending if you admired and likened a hunchbacked acquaintance to Quasimodo?
We want to know how much it will cost to design hybrid app in hyderabad and which freelancers are providing service in hyderabad?
How many days should I expect jury duty to take both being on call and sitting around in the prospective juror waiting room?
How should I go about making new friends and meeting more people with similar interests?
Can I connect a GSM module directly to a rechargeable battery? It fits to min and max Voltage levels, but what if battery drops more?
Where can I get the best bus and coach charter service in Brisbane?
For CSE engg graduates, how do I prepare for the ISRO SC exam? What all subjects and materials do I have to prepare? How do I crack the interview?
If someone is trying to cut into your lane and you purposely don't budge and they hit you, who's fault is it?
Why do Options on Futures(premium paid upfront) have negative rho and Options on Futures(margined premium) have zero rho?
If I sent a message to someone on WhatsApp and I blocked them, will they receive the message?
What would be the standard of the team if midfield of 2011 Barca and attack of 2015 Barca are united in one team? (in their primes)
Why do many Indians hate Chinese people and think that Chinese want to destroy India?
Is Hillary Clinton going to win mainly because she's a woman and not based on a political standpoint?
My ldr boyfriend doesn't want to get married and he doesn't like kids. He says that till age40 we both should remain single and then he will marry?
What is your favorite band? What is your favorite and least favorite song by them?
What is the most consistent, comprehensive, and convenient way of maintaining one's physical health?
How do I delete photos and videos from WhatsApp and phone together?
I have this fear in me that makes me hate talking to people, especially girls. I'm afraid of the instances when I can't think of anything to say and it turns into an awkward moment, to which the conversation subsequently becomes boring. I don't want to be a boring person. How can I fix this?
What are the commonly used final gear ratios and tyre size combinations for supra sae cars for a 43 bhp KTM engine?
What is the negative impact of demonetisation of 500 and 1000 Rupee notes on the Indian economy?
What would be the best way for someone meet people and create a social circle in San Francisco?
What are some books to expand your mind and increase intelligence?
I had a small business in 2014; it is a two member LLC. I filed Schedule K1 for last year with my personal tax return and my partner did the same thing as me. Do we still have to file a Form 1065 separately?
Can anyone let me know what is the work of an AGD developer and AGD tester in HP? What preparations should be done to get hired for this post?
Are there pink sunflowers? If so, how rare are pink sunflowers, and what causes a sunflower to become pink in color?
I inserted a friend's Jio sim in my phone, it did not work and now I couldn't generate a barcode for myself. What is the problem?
Why can some people make many friends and some make very less or no any?
What is the difference between electric and gravitational potential and how do they change with distance?
Andy Weir: When do you think will the first manned mission to Mars take place and will it be by SpaceX or NASA or someone else?
How can I make my resume get shortlisted, even if I am a fresher and have only done academic projects?
Why in India, in summers the temperature is reported in Celcius and in winter it is reported in Fahrenheit?
If the Library of Alexandria survived untouched, how big would it be and in what format would the records be?
I've been with a girl for 3 weeks, and we dont hug, hold hands, or kiss. Is this bad?
I have no interest other than watching sex movies and porn. How can I die? How to focus on something else?
What are the strongest majors in terms of job prospects and what are the weakest majors at Indiana Wesleyan University?
What is the syllabus for GK in central warehouse exam for Superintendent and junior Superintendent? Is it static GK or Current affairs?
What happens if a Pilot decided to apply the brakes to stop an Airplane and abort take-off while still on the runway but just after V1 is reached?
Which is a good inpatient drug and alcohol rehab center in Douglas County CO?
What is the difference between potential energy and the gravitational potential energy?
What is the climate of California's coastal regions, and how does it compare to the climate in Tennessee?
Is it not Jeevatma attaches with the materials one can physically perceive and the Paramatma is of electrical/spiritual effect on the matter?
Is it true that women wear watches on their right hands and men on left (as a general rule)? Why?
What is the IP range used to access and maintain satellites?
What is the Malayalam translation and pronunciation of 'I love you'?
How can you compare and contrast evaporated milk and whole milk?
Do young women in college today want to get married, stay home and have children? Is this viewed as a less or more popular option than it was five or ten years ago?
What is the importance of education to the United States and how are their views of education different from Sweden's?
Are The Lord of the Rings and The Hobbit the best high fantasy movies ever?
Why do straight women who put on makeup and dress to attract attention consider it disrespectful when they get attention?
New ant farm ants stopped digging now, they rarely come out of soil and are not visible under the earth. Are they dead?
What are the differences between private company and private limited companies?
What are the cap table tools available in French and following French business rules?
At what age did you start gaining weight and what did you do about it?
When I see my abuser or relive trauma, I seem to have a breakdown and bang my head hard. Is this normal?
I have a rooted Galaxy Note 3. Can I unroot it, update it over OTA and then root it again and do everything without having to wipe my cache and data or making a backup?
What is the deepest lake in Europe, and how does this lake's flora and fauna compare to that of Lake Geneva?
What combination of diet and exercise tips can result in losing belly fat and building six pack abs?
What will Hillary Clinton and Tim Kaine do about gun violence in America?
How much is the cost for MS in Construction and Infrastructure Systems Engineering from Georgia tech?
What is relation between energy gap and cut in voltage of diode? Are they equal to each other?
I live in the UK and have 10,000 GBP to invest. Where should I start if I want a 5-year return and know close to nothing about investing?
How do you delete a Arcamax account and do you create one?
How would I spoof track pants and a t shirt to an early to mid 90's vibe?
What are the most famous companies/products that came last on a saturated market and achieved to build a monopoly? What did they have in common?
I'm in 11th and sa1 had passed. I hate my school and want to change to non attending. Can I do that now and how?
What are the best websites to watch and download Hindi movies with English subtitles?
Is it unhealthy to eat 2 meals a day, and how bad could it be?
What is the best, Java base, up to date, and Open-source XMPP chat client for Android?
Which bank is bitcoin friendly (allows transactions to and from bitcoin exchanges) and allows non-resident accounts?
I've never had a bleeding nose in my life and I'm 19. Is this normal?
How reliable are Mensa I.Q. tests and what kind of intelligence do they measure?
What is the shortcut key of subscript and superscript in Excel?
What would happen if aliens attack and occupy only a small part of the earth, and then do nothing?
If someone sees something and knows it isn't there, is it hallucination?
I am developing a search engine to search for audio for certain words and video for certain shapes, what would be the stack best fit for it?
What would happen in a war between the USA and Britain, Germany, France, Italy combined?
Was the Cold War a war between Communism and Capitalism.? If so, which one won.?
What are ways to deal with oversee produce security and assurance of android application?
What are examples of absurd red tape and bureaucracy from your country?
How can I buy good shares for the short term in the stock market and what should be the minimum time period for the short term?
What option do I put for my nationally I am from England but my dad is from Africa and my mum is born in England. My dad's parents are from Africa and my .ums parents are from India.
What would you do if your family members (brother and father) do not recognize your efforts in running home?
Next monday I have to start a new job and I am very afraid. The building remember me to a jail. What could I do?
Given the task of turning an oak barrel of water into a barrel of wine, and assuming you have control over the physical processes, what is required at the particle level? How much energy will be consumed in doing so?
How should I start learning about stock trading and start investing in stocks?
Why is it that only PM Modi keeps a translator with him and other countries do not do the same?
Do writers on Quora refer websites, read and then write or they just remember everything they write?
My background is in banking/finance. I'm a creative person though and am looking to shift careers towards creative-focused companies. How do I do this?
What are some characteristics of an Australian Shepherd and a German Shepherd mix puppy?
What are the most important concepts in C and C++ that should be learnt and understood before a programming interview?
What are some lesser known creatures and beings from Indian Mythologies?
I cleared interview for BOA at ZS Associates, Gurgaon. It has already been 1 month and still not received offer letter. For how long should I wait?
Can I get pregnant if after giving him a blowjob and wiping my hands I touch my clit to masturbate?
What were the cons and pros of having a millet system?
I am Indian and got selected in four universities in the US - UTD, UTA, SJSU and IIT. Which will be a better option? What are the pros and cons?
What will happen and why if shape of RBC is changed?
Which company stocks in NSE/BSE have given you maximum returns, and thus you are holding them for a long period?
What type of government does North Korea have and how is it different from China's government?
What's a good way to hangout and have fun with a girl that's not sexual?
What parameters should we consider in linear regression and can someone explain the significance of each output parameter?
What is the best phone with USB C port and fingerprint sensor on the front?
What are the difference between input devices and output devices? What are some examples?
What should you do to make a laptop with Windows 8.1 and 1GB of memory and a 1.2ghz dual core processor not be slow?
Why is the color in older films more vibrant and saturated? Why don't contemporary films employ the same effect?
What is the function of Loksabha, Rajyasabha, and Bidhansabha? Who are the members of each?
Can a mechanical engineer work in software company like tcs and then again pursue masters abroad in mechanical later?
If I open a dollar account in an Argentinian bank and store US dollars, can I withdraw cash in dollars?
How do I delete all my questions and answers on Quora on once?
According to Newton's third law of motion, every action has an equal and opposite reaction. But when we move an object, why does it move?
What's the difference between 'inter' and 'intra'? What are some practical examples of each?
How would I wear red and yellow without looking head to toe?
What\u2019s the rift between Donald Trump and the U.S. intelligence community?
How much of a salary do Bill and Hillary Clinton draw from the Clinton Foundation?
Is printing out and framing a picture from the internet for personal non-commercial use legal? How about a text that's free to read online? I realize that there are a variety of licenses out there and this will complicate things\u2014 but I wondered if there was a general answer to be had.
How does one improve his \"presence of mind\" and what affects one's degree of \"presence of mind\"?
What is the difference between the Rule of Law and a Bill of Rights? Does one overide the other for the good of the population?
Why are some American guys so obsessed with Japanese girls? What do they mean to them and is it like a dream for them? What is so special about them?
What are some great places to visit in and around (50 km radius) Chennai?
I am an industrial engineer. Can I work in a big automotive company like Audi and Porsche as a test driver who tests cars after production?
What is the black box and white box perspectives of systems?
Which application is this? These are apps used by teachers to write down things and explain topics to students. I want the name of this application.
What is the best tool for finding and scheduling professional service providers plumbers in Mumbai?
What is the difference between an aggregate regression and a respondent level regression?
Could the Doctor use his Sonic Screwdriver to locate and remotely control the TARDIS?
Is it right to protest against the UPSC Civil Services Aptitude Test (CSAT) and attempt to undermine the importance of English in such an exam by citing that Hindi is our mother tongue?
I sent a girl a text saying \u201cHey\u201d and she saw it but didn\u2019t reply. What should I do?
What are the chances of PQWL 2 being confirmed in a 2ac for a niche start and end point like malkapur to delhi, travel scheduled 15 days hence?
How do you make liquid water from Hydrogen and Oxygen? Can I do it myself?
How can I create a wireless connection between my laptop and Android phone and transfer files, videos, and pictures without any Internet?
What is the name of the cathode and anode material used in MFC?
Where can I learn about Big Data and Hadoop so that I will be able to find a good job?
What should interns know working in sales and trading at an investment bank?
What should the average salary offered for a PHP and Wordperss Developer in India?
My eLitmus percentiles are verbal-85, P.s-80, and quantitative-43. Will I get a call from Accenture?
Were you quick and efficient at learning to spell and decode as much as you were at learning the times tables?
What is the difference between sharbati atta and other wheat flour varieties in terms of quality and nutrition?
How do I prepare for GMAT at home and which books to prefer?
How can I use a VPN service and get Thunderbird to work at the same time?
Why am I not getting high from weed anymore and what can I do to fix that?
What are the pros/cons of Apple Watch and Garmin Running Watches?
Which is the best institute for Hadoop and gives placements in Bangalore?
How is/was your experience at Savannah College of Art and Design as a graduate or current student?
Why are diabetes patients refusing to eat healthy and exercise? Can you help us understand why this is happening?
Which is the best job profile for an electrical engineer with MBA and which are the BEST companies that offer those profiles for the freshers?
What are ways to quickly learn the use of the two Spanish verbs 'ser' and 'estar'? Do native Hispanophones ever confuse their use?
What were the major effects of the cambodia earthquake, and how do these effects compare to the Vailfivia earthquake in 1960?
Is Muhammad a perfect Muslim and thus a perfect human being? What qualities make him so?
Why is Northen Ireland part of the United Kingdom and not part of the Republic of Ireland?
How many numbers greater than 5000 can be formed using the digits 3, 4, 5, 6, and 7 without repetition of digits? How many of these are even?
What are the arguments for and against the existence of DID?
Is it okay to ask question and also answer to it on Quora?
My brother has a lot of debt because of his failed business. If he doesn't repay, my parents and I will be in trouble. Is there a way to unlink his debt to my family?
I got caught driving more than 20 mph over the speed limit in Illinois. It's my first time and I don't want it to be on my record. What should I do?
I wanted to know if a private company is ready to sponsor my education and accomodation, will that be accepted as funding proof for uk student visa?
Are there any function that are their own derivative and do not contain the number e or is y=0?
How do start preparing for GSoC 17 if I am in first year and I am learning programming languages?
How can someone be an agnostic and an atheist at the same time?
What were the major contributions of the political leaders during WW1, and how are the compared to the ones during the Napoleonic Wars?
If World War III starts in Europe between the West and Russia, will either side attempt to conquer the Middle East for its oil reserves?
What towns are located near the Kilauea, and how does this volcano's activity compare to the volcanoes in Nicaragua?
Is it gay for my straight friend and I to masturbate each other?
When cool water is poured in a steel glass, the outer side of the steel glass becomes wet and there are water droplets in the outer surface. What is the fact behind it?
Hello friends I want to sell spices with best quality and minimum cost, but outside India can anybody suggest me how to sell outside India.?
What is that orange coloured sauce that KFC and Domino's use in their products? How is it made?
Why do some people like anime and manga so much? What makes it so special and addictive ?
What are the effects of water pollution on plants and animals? How can we stop pollution
What is the difference between build and release engineering, DevOps and site reliability engineering?
What is Alexander Ovechkin's nickname and how much does Alexander like it?
What are the main imports and exports of Venezuela, and how does Venezuela's industry compare to Chile's?
Strangeness: Every time I look at the clock, the hours and minutes are the same, for example: 11:11, 16:16, 20:20 Any Reason / Logic behind
As a defendant, if I have non-existent credit and no assets under my name, is it even worth going to small claims court?
How do I install Kali Linux updates and packages without Internet connection?
What should you take into consideration when driving from Brooklyn to Staten Island, and how does it compare to driving from Brooklyn to Manhattan?
I am working in Wipro. I have been offered an M.Tech in Software Systems from BITS Pilani and an EPGDBM from Symbiosis. Is it worth taking up?
Who are some lesser known important historical figures of Albania and what should people know about them?
Can I delete my Snapchat account and then sign back in?
Dears Any way to make a loop in Excel sheet and connect it to a database on web-server to filter which data is already existed and which isn't?
Like everyone else (here in U.S), I work with a group of people I see and interact with every day. As a human rights advocate and Lesbian, my views are liberal and I by no means preach my beliefs in my work place. However, I want to know, when is it OK to state your opinions on an issue. For example, if someone mentions that their next door neighbor, who happens to be a 12 year old boy, was playing with dolls and that \"this is going down the wrong road and he is strange/weird\", is it OK for me to say that we shouldn't judge him for who he is? So confused... This just happened at lunch and I am very upset about it...
I have a Pisces Sun, Virgo moon and Sagittarius rising, what do you think I am like?
How is Bolivia's geographical location unique in the region, and how does its geography compare to Honduras'?
Why does government is planning to merge national oil companies and what are its consequences on our economy?
Who is the person responsible for sourcing and purchasing in a company?
There's a girl at my school, I think she likes me and I sorta like her. I have never asked a girl out and don't want to be rejected, what should I do?
Do you think that Cleopatra VII of Egypt was and stands as the greatest female politician of all times? Who would be in your top 10?
Where can I hire very efficient commercial and residential plastering contractors in Boston?
How do I go Studying about Hinduism and epics? Any resources?
Do you think you are asexual? Why? Do friends and family bother you about it?
If a cop attacks you for an illegal reason and you shoot them back in self-defense, would you be sent to jail?
I can't stop feeling like I have wasted my youth and my potential. I have 26 how can I motivate myself again?
What is the best budget hotels in Ooty for accommodation of me and my friends in this coming New Year eve in peak season?
How do I incorporate a company in India? What are the procedures and cost of incorporating a company in India?
What movie had the most real life dangerous and extreme event in it of all time?
Startup Law: What are some not uncommon anti-dilution and other provisions these days in a seed round involving Convertible Notes? Advantages and disadvantages?
GRE score is 306 (verbal -147 and quant-159 awa-3.0) and TOEFL-104 ,work experience of 1.5 years and no publications.Can I get an admit into USC?
How can I can train myself more and pursue a football career in India? Is that possible?
Which natural foods can lower blood pressure and thin blood as opposed to drugs such as aspirin?
What will the RBI do with the old 500 and 1000 rupees notes that they will receive?
If you are a pure vegetarian and eat non-veg, do you feel guilty or not? Why so?
What is Slated's Business/Revenue Model? If the Investors and Filmmakers close deals directly, how does Slated makes money?
Why does Ireland give Msc and not MS? Is Msc after B.Tech useless
What are these United States Saving Bonds and what can I do with them?
What would happen to the body and brain if you deprive it of sleep?
Which place is better to live and why: the East Coast or the West Coast?
Is \u201cCommunity is conflict being recognized and worked through creatively\u201d a correct sentence?
Write all the 5-digit numbers that you can form using the digits 1,2,3,4, and 5 only once. Which of these numbers are greater than 50,000?
What is the fastest way to learn and start using WordPress?
What is the average cost per person of stage I and II clinical trials on ALS?
What is the longest roller coaster in the United Kingdom and how does it compare to the longest roller coaster in Italy?
What is a good inpatient drug and alcohol rehab center near Lafayette County FL?
What should I do about my ex-girlfriend who dumped me and won't get back together with me, but won't stop talking to me?
What are the differences among Cordova, Ionic, and Kony? Which framework should I use and why?
I got scammed from paying on PayPal by friends and family. Is there any way I can get my money back?
What does a second chance offer mean on e-Bay, and what are the advantages of these offers?
I am getting mechanical in Symbiosis Institute of Technology and production engineering in DJ Sanghvi. My interest is in machines and mainly in the automobile sector. What should I do?
What would a socially conservative and fiscally liberal party stand for?
Which one is best among Moto G3 and Moto G Plus-4th Gen?
If the \"no upfront cost\" business model led to huge growth for rooftop solar (now  dollar 2b per year) and large energy efficiency projects ( dollar 6b per year), which other opportunities are ripe for the same idea?
What are the biggest changes and differences the world has had in the past 50 years?
I hold a graduation in B-Tech EEE, and I have experience in IT. Am I eligible to file a PR for Canada?
What is the way to install and run natural docs in windows?
Why are Malia Obama's high school grades and standardized test scores a closely guarded secret?
Do we know that matter and energy came from the big bang, and not God? Or not?
What is baking soda, and is it considered an acid or a base?
What does \"que pasa hombre\" means and in what language it is?
What were some of the troubles you have faced during and after your 9 months period of pregnancy?
Why is NEET, the all India Medical Entrance test being conducted in Hindi and no other official languages? Is it not injustice to non-Hindi states?
Why is it that the only two ancient land mass groups (laurasia and gondwana) located at the same area on earth and not a single island located anywhere else?
Is it better to be a failed 500 million dollar startup after 5 years and walk away with money or grow slowly?
What should be done if you get an introverted roommate who doesn't talk and open up himself and you are like, why is he not talking to me?
If elephants are so smart and emotional, why didn't they evolve into humans?
What is the difference between primary prevention and secondary prevention of a disease?
What are deliverables in respect to a stock and how does the deliverable percent affect the stock?
Are concepts such as ethics and morality hardwired in the brain?
On a daily basis, My brother constantly insults and depresses me. As a younger brother, what should I do to cease this, and how should I respond?
What were some of your childhood dreams and how did you plan to make them come true? Did you succeed in your efforts?
How can I tell the difference between a bug bite and a staph infection that looks like a bug bite?
Why did Tesla build the Model X and not focus on selling the Model S and getting the Model 3 out, as was the original plan?
Why is a live-in relationship considered \"bad\" and \"immoral\" in Indian society?
How do girls automatically fall in love with men and get married, without men saying \"will you marry me.?\"?
When driving a motorcycle, is it OK to shift into neutral and switch off when coasting downhill?
What is the chance of nothing happening with BREXIT and the UK staying in the EU with Parliamentary vote?
What are the fixed, hinged and roller support in the real concrete world?
Why am I always feeling nauseous and burping after working out?
What is the best way to overcome porn and masturbation addiction?
I have a bluetooth watch, its s/n number is XDV9080805010396, and its imei number is 35866010105619 could someone help find what watch this is?
Will double majoring in Computer Science and Applied Mathematics help me to become more desirable as a candidate?
Why do Muslims of India, Pakistan and Bangladesh have problem accepting that their ancestors were Hindus and their conversion might be forced upon?
Which one is grammatically correct and why: \"The Olympic Games (take/s) place every four years\" and \"The Panama Canal (connect/s) the Atlantic and Pacific oceans\"?
Is Dolorous Edd an excellent and very amusing character, in other people's opinions?
In the world of philosophy and ethics, are there any absolute Rights and Wrongs. If yes what are those and how are they arrived at?
How can I get the user ID and password for my IRCTC?
Do you agree with the decision (Demonetization of 500 and 1000 notes) made by PM Modi Ji?
Why does my ex girlfriend still call me and tell me about her day?
How are we able to view distant stars and galaxies in the night sky and through telescopes, that is how does light travel from there to here?
If it's impossible to have zero (no) energy, how it is then quantized and non- continuous? Wouldn't it be continuous and infinite?
If a solution has an equal amount of solute and solvent then how to determine which one is the solute and which one is the solvent?
On a scale of 10 how satisfying was your last poop and what healthy habits do you have if any?
Can I deposit old Rs.1000 and Rs.500 notes twice in my current account?
My parents constantly argue over the smallest things, and they want me to take sides. When I don't they get annoyed at me. What should I do?
Does editing a note on Facebook and hit \"publish edit\" send out a notification?
What supplies do I need to have a Domo party, and where can I get them in Toronto?
How can you compare and contrast egg rolls and spring rolls?
What is the best way to be in a calorie deficit and lose weight successfully?
When you're doing well people want to be around you but when you're down and have nothing they disappear and don't offer support. Am I the only one?
How do people who are born deaf and blind live their lives?
How much does the average traffic light and street light cost to build and maintain in India?
What are the top three countries in oil, coal and natural gas consumption?
How do the functions of the right and left auricles of the heart differ?
Which universities/colleges in New Zealand and Australia offer a Masters in Architecture program?
What are the permissions and licenses required for manufacturing and selling wallets?
What are some good book for algorithms and data structures on java?
What is the largest state in India in terms of area and what is its population? How does this compare to the largest state in Germany?
How do companies like Google and Yahoo manage to provide email domains for a company's host name and still use Gmail or Yahoo in the background?
What do you do when a girl loves you and you don't love her?
How do you get rid of hair on different body parts having them smooth and soft for long period of time? How about waxing?
If you could take one alien species from Star Trek and put them into Star Wars, which one would it be and why?
Do famous celebrities, like Angelina Jolie and Eva Green to mention a few, really go naked in movies?
Which majors did people take and recommend as a pre-med student?
Calculate the mass of sun with seven apples. I know this question is a joke and impossible to answer. What if it\u2019s possible, how would it be?
Is it scientifically possible to remove a human brain and place it in a robotic body, with most sensory capabilities?
How likely is to get loans from banks to start a business that will loan from Canada and lend that money in another country at far greater percentage?
If more vacuum energy appears with expansion and it has no limit, can infinite of this energy be created? If yes is energy infinite?
What is the difference between a general manager and a senior manager at Amazon? Are they both at level 7 or what's the difference?
What is a good inpatient drug and alcohol rehab center near Dallas County AL?
Is it scary to have penetrative sex? I have not been able to do it as I get scared and feel pain while he tries to penetrate, and I ask him to stop. Is anything wrong with me?
How many senior manager and director roles are there at Amazon?
What are the main differences between a bachelor's and a graduate degree in nutrition in terms of career prospects?
What was the production of artwork intended for in Hawaii and how is it compared to the one intended for in Delaware?
Does EVERYONE with OCD have that popular OCD symptom and obsession of symmetry, order, organization and exactness?
What, if anything, do black holes and tori have in common?
Who are some of the most Talented and hence well known Medical Doctors in/from India and what are their contributions to this field?
What is it like after you graduate the police academy and become a real police officer?
If the black hole was to replace the sun and take the mid orbital of the planets, would it suck the Earth?
What is the difference between creativity and innovation? How do you define creativity? How do you define innovation?
We are supposed to brush our teeth twice a day. But what if I brush after my breakfast, and then take a coffee at work? Is it bad for my teeth?
What is cultural appropriation and why is it such a big problem?
Where can we watch and download TV series for free in HD?
Which was the best tank of the 1960s and 70s? Leopard 1, M-60,AMX-30, Chieftain or T-62
How do I lose weight healthily and tone up, especially my abdominal and thighs?
How do people manage to travel outside, attend college and work in the coldest parts of the world?
What is the risk of intercaste marriage and honour killing in bihar?
What are the social perceptions Mexicans have about their health and social care? What could they improve?
My syllabus is more or less done. What should I solve and what or how should I revise for the JEE 2017?
I just recently turned 13 and I am 5'4 how tall would I be?
What do you mean by executive consultant and support in networking domain?
How can I prepare for TIFR GS Chemistry entrance exam and interview for PhD for this year's exam in December?
How will the Lord Jesus come when and if he comes again?
Is it better to wake up naturally after 4-5 hours, or go back to sleep and wake up with the alarm after 6-7 hours?
What are the biggest problems faced by the farmers of India which other countries farmers don't and can they be implemented in India? If not how can they be solved in an efficient way?
I am a 25 year old working in the IT sector and planning to leave my job for IAS preparation. Is this the right thing to do?
Which is a good inpatient drug and alcohol rehab center in Piatt County IL?
As a search engine, how do Google and Yahoo actually compare?
What is the cheapest and best place to stay in Gokarna?
What will happen if a high court gives an order, and police and government doesn't follow it?
Why do Donald Trump is alone and he don't have friends?
Why hockey coach use their headphones and laptops during the game?
What are the advantages of a federal governemt system, and how does it differ from a parliamentary system?
What are the differences and similarites between rock salt and sea salt?
How could I stay focused on a goal and not to be distracted with less priority goals?
What are the strongest majors in terms of job prospects and what are the weakest majors at Clark University?
My crush rejected me after I painstakingly opened up to her. Now she calls me her brother and I can't stand to be viewed by her like that. What now?
What movie has actors Brad Pitt and Samuel L. Jackson in it?
Visiting and Travel: What are some of the scenic places to visit in Arches and Canyonlands National Parks during winter?
What is the growth rate of Paytm and its penetration in India?
Pakistan: Why doesn't UAE, Saudi Arabia, Iran and other Islamic countries support Pakistan on Kashmir issue?
Do IIM pass-out students feel that they should have taken an MS and settled abroad rather than take an MBA from an IIM?
What are your career goals and how do you plan to achieve them?
How can I turn a box of Kraft Macaroni and Cheese into an exciting meal?
How many new notes of  rupee 500 and  rupee 2000 can India print?
Survivors: Do you ever think about what you would do, should you relapse, or be diagnosed with another disease? What would your reaction would be? I've had two bone marrow transplants for Leukemia and Aplastic Anemia, and I'm 16 and 12 years post-transplant , and I wonder sometimes... how many times would I endure this? To what extent would I endure this? Do you have a contingency plan, should another diagnosis occur?
How does Fitbit tracks my daily steps and sleep? What is the technology?
Which do you like better between Mainland China and Taiwan? And what's your reason?
Why are May and Manaphy childish in Pok\u00e9mon Ranger and the Temple of the Sea?
What is a good inpatient drug and alcohol rehab center in Washington County AL?
What does Germany look like, and how does its geography compare to Bulgaria's?
Can we bombard the whole asteroid belt into Mars and increase its mass to equal Earth and make it livable?
Have you ever lost yourself in life for a while and came back to yourself later?
How do I enable the intermediate nodes between sender and receiver so that remaining nodes differ from the participated nodes in transmission in ns2?
What should be the column size and beam depth for a span of 10 metres between two columns?
Someone used my phone number on IRCTC to create an ID and the ID got deactivated. How do I register an account for myself now?
How do I run app install ads in India on Twitter? Is it possible to target specific audience and Twitter users who follow certain category of users?
I am planning to buy an HDMI dongle. My options are Chromecast (currently around 3k) and Teewe, an Indian product (currently around 2k). Which is a better buy and why?
What is the difference between 36A and 36B bra sizes in India?
What are the main differences between a bachelor's and a graduate degree in agriculture in terms of career prospects?
What are the best colleges in India to do a post graduation course in screenplay writing and editing? I will be completing UG course in 9 months.
I was stupid enough to tell my Google interviewer that \"I hate ads and have deleted every single app that has ads from my smartphone\". Am I forever banned from interviewing for this company again?
Why do I have pimple-like bumps on my chest and how can I get rid of them?
If one were to eat only bananas and drink only water, how long would it take for them to die?
I want to manufacture a product which is patented in the US and the UK. Will it be an issue if I sell it in Asia or Asean?
How is toilet paper disposed after wiping? Is it dropped in the toilet and flushed or dropped in the bin? What are the different cultural practices?
What is your favorite chicken dish and how do you cook it?
How do dial up internet and DSL differ from each other?
What are the top part time jobs in India and Kolkata in particular?
When I told best friend how I felt she cried and rejected me. She tells me that she loves me and we are intimate. What should I do?
What are the differences between a Covert Narcissist and someone with Borderline personality disorder?
I am going to write my ipcc exam this my fourth attempt and iam doing job I got one month leave for exam I had not started may preparation help me?
What are some of the best startups based in Bhopal and Indore, India that are running successfully and are a great place to work for entrepreneurial minds?
I request the extension of my Canadian visa, and I lost the sticker I need to put in my visa, what can I do as my flight is in a week?
How are the laws regarding speed limit enforced in Florida, and how do they differ from how they are enforced in New Mexico?
How will the banning of Rs. 500 and Rs. 1000 notes affect the economy?
I broke up with my girlfriend and I want her back. What should I do?
What are the legal separation laws in PA and how do they compare with the ones in Indiana?
What are the advantages and disadvantages of an MS in the USA?
Why didn't Draco confirm Harry, Ron and Hermione's identities when they were brought to Malfoy Manor?
What is a suitable inpatient drug and alcohol rehab center in Tazewell County IL?
How far can you trace your ancestry with names and locations of complete chain of your ancestors?
Who are the best big data and hadoop institutes in NCR?
Why does the Quran claim that the sea water and fresh water never mix due to barrier created by Allah?
Will British citizens be allowed to move to the EU and live there after Brexit happens?
How does scrapping the Rs 1000 and 500 notes help in curbing terrorism?
Where can I get best cleaning and maintenance service in Sydney?
Why are people quitting their high paying job and becoming full-time Twitterati and Quorarian?
Can men use honey and lemon to remove a regular tan?
Which is the cheapest and best place for a honeymoon in India?
Why do dumb people are called owl (Ullu) and donkey (Gadha) in India? What is wrong with these animals?
Does anyone like portraits photography and do you search for a photographer?
What are some major landforms in Texas, and how do they compare to the most famous landforms in Arizona?
Why do rappers always diss each other while rock, pop, and other singers don't do it? Is rap just about hating everyone and dissing?
I have a score of 104/200 in MU-OET B.Tech. What rank and branch can I expect in both the main campus and the Jaipur campus?
I have Eng core, his, geo, pol science & economics in Mains and accounts and business in additional. While admissions which stream will it be counted?
Is there an important person in your life infused you with inspiration and encouraged to fulfill your dreams, Name that person & let us know how?
Did the content of the leaked DNC shock you and did the DNC behave inappropriately?
What are some abiotic and biotic factors? What are some examples?
Would I need a different nail gun for dry walling, framing, and flooring or is there some model that can do all of these?
Is it worth doing an MBA from baby iims or should I take cat again and try for older, better IIMs? My profile details are in the comment.
What's the difference between ''give it up for you'' and ''give it up because of you''?
In painting or drawing what defines a finished piece as narrative and not just interesting to look at or beautiful?
How can a G+ newbie start using this tool correctly and get small results with G+ for marketing?
How can the equation for aerobic and anaerobic respiration be determined?
What books are commonly studied in Economics and Political Science university courses?
Can I convert my laptop to desktop PC and then change my graphics card?
Why don't more people delete their Facebook account and instead spend time on Quora?
What is the difference between free fall acceleration and gravitational acceleration?
What are the government benefits for poor, and the small business owners, in Michigan USA?
What is the second largest planet in the solar system, and how does its composition compare to Neptune?
What are the frequently asked basic and complex queries ( SQL) during a tech interview?
Why have Inter Milan and A.C. Milan lost their dominance in Serie A and European football in recent years?
What are the benefits and drawbacks of GST to common man?
In UEFA Euro 2016, why do both winner v. runner up matches (matches 42 and 43, in the round of 16) involve teams from Group E? Seems unfair.
What are all the pros and cons of having dual citizenship?
What's the future of driverless cars and will we start seeing them this year?
If a laptop is always plugged in and charging, what is the effect on the battery?
How many fighter planes does India have and what is its ranking in the world in terms of the number of fighter planes and the power of IAF?
How many times of BBC and CNN talk about the WeiBo and WeChat in the reports from 2010 to 2015?
I have dropped a year but could not perform so well for JEE and now I have taken admission in engineering college so what should I do?
What are some things you do consciously, and on a regular basis to uplift your mood for the day?
What do you do if you don't know your Gmail and password to your Instagram?
Why are Japan and the U.S. so upset about the peace and prosperity in SCS and bilateral talk between the Philippines and China?
Is there a free app for Android that you can remove vocals from a song with and retain decent quality as well as download the vocaless version?
What are the best ways to take care of your health and to stay active all the time?
If two lines are overlapping and directly on top of one another, are they both parallel and coincide or just coincide?
Is there an Android app for cropping and rotating images before they are saved?
What would happen if I was in space, laying on an asteroid the size of a car, and it then instantly grew to the size of the moon? (mass included)
If I want to become an astrophysicist and I want to start studying on my own, how do I start?
What is the difference between embedded and reactive real time systems?
Will history be recorded in a more accurate and detailed way? (Due to modern technology)
My best friend texts his girlfriend 24/7 and refuses to stop. What should I do?
Why aren\u2019t the Seven Years War and Napoleonic Wars called World War 1 and World War 2, respectively?
Which bank in India offers the best conversion rate and the least transaction fee for overseas (specifically USA) ATM withdrawals?
There are only two sexes: Male and Female. Agree or disagree?
Why should or shouldn't the US implement the one child policy? (I am just curious, and think this could be an interesting discussion)
Where can I get best patch and paint services in Sydney?
What is the basis of establishing proficiency levels for skills and competencies in the consulting industry?
What is the lead reason to the rise and fall of Cyrus Mistry?
What are the most interesting products and innovations that Graphic Packaging is coming out with in 2016?
What is does quince taste like, and why is it healthy to eat it?
When my brother was brain dead he opened his eyes and tried to sit up then closed them and died the next day, what was that?
I am 16 years old girl. I'm 5\u20323\u2033 tall and weigh 80 kg. How do I lose weight?
Is their any connection between ocean currents and tectonic plate movements?
How is demonetizing 500 and 1000 rupees notes effecting temples ?
If someone is fiscally conservative and socially liberal, what are they?
Learning Languages: If you know English and Russian fluently, which will be easier to learn Spanish or French?
My boyfriend blocked me. But I don't know what he thinks, and he didn't tell me why he did that. What do I do?
What is the difference between bending moment, torque, couple, and moment? What units are used to measure each?
How does the quality of Goldie Cosmetics and MAC cosmetics differ?
What is that one thing you regret the most and would like to change in the past?
What are some good hacks for finding an affordable and nice place to live in the Bay Area?
What is the relationship between 400,000 historical document and original Act of Proclamation of Philippine Independence?
How do I get fit and get rid of body fat?
Where can I get fast, safe and reliable treatment for laser hair removal?
What are some of your own personal stories and experiences with Aquarians?
How can I get free gold and cash in Basketball Stars?
What are the differences between INFJ and INTJ? Which of the two am I?
Is it good to attend placements in final year of engineering and go to job or wait for completion of engineering and attend different govt. jobs?
What is the difference between a dual core and a quad core processor?
How do I make notes Subject wise and topic wise from NCERT for UPSC CSE 2017?
I have never had a girlfriend or had an actual date with a girl and I'm 20 years old. I'm not ugly and not to bad on fat, Any help with my problem?
What does it mean to be wise and how can I become it?
Was the Roman Republic a mix of socialist and capitalist economics like most modern societies?
Why won't Apple make a touch screen laptop and iMac in combination with also keeping the trackpad, mouse, and keyboard?
Is there any best anti-dragon, anti-hogs and anti-gowipe TH8 base in Clash of Clans?
Is there any possibility that our private information could be leaked from Earth to space as radio waves, such as videos and files posted on the Internet or normal conversation logs via satellite systems?
I forgot my Apple ID and Password, what should I do?
Can I keep both maiden and husbands surname? What is the procedure?
What happens when we keep silent with some one who has come to our house as a guest and that too older than us. Who is a son in-law of our family.?
What do you consider your core strengths and biggest weaknesses as an entrepreneur and person?
We sold goods on credit against a post dated cheque. We deposited cheque to bank, it bounced and now the client is not ready to pay, what can I do?
How is sodium bicarbonate with HCL used and what are some examples?
What do Jehovah's Witnesses believe about suicide and is there hope for a suicide victim?
What are some views on Arnab Goswami and his show 'The Newshour'?
I don\u2019t have a job due to severe social anxiety and I\u2019m almost out of money. What should I do?
Is the superfluid spacetime referred to by Sheldon and Leonard what ripples when Galaxy clusters collide and what waves in a double slit experiment?
What is the best way to motivate yourself in the worst and most challenging time of your life?
If you saw a group of Hindus knocking your door and asking donations for the celebration of their festival, what would you do?
Where can I get nursery and baby prints on cotton fabric in Delhi?
I messed up my first semester of grade 9 but I have decided to take AP classes and do the best throughout high school, can I get in ivy league?
I have PTSD, depressed and lately been lazy. I despise life, afraid of attachments and I feel like I'll never get what I want. Why?
How can I concentrate on my studies and improve my memory?
My boyfriend doesn't text me first. I always have to text him first, and after I text him first, he often doesn't text me back. Why?
Colud we create robots that can multiverse travel and go through worm holes for us and how?
My Spanish student visa has been rejected and I need help. Please read the description.?
What do Indian brides and grooms do on their wedding night?
What do people on LessWrong and AutoAdmit think of each other?
What are the meanings of Hindi and Urdu words Anumati and Ijazat respectively?
Is there anyway to submit your app to the Apple store and Google play store but have it be private for a bit?
What is the reason for pulling out 500 and 1000 currency notes circulation in India?
When is the 2016 Copa Del Rey final and which teams are playing?
How do Quora admins make decisions about edit-blocks and bans? How does someone appeal this decision?
What is the difference between Docker and Vagrant? When should you use each one?
What is your most hidden and deepest secret that you want to share?
I'm in high school in the UK - B-C grades, haven't taken SATs yet - and want to go to USC. Any tips; do I have any chance of getting accepted?
What hardships/problems would a Bengali girl born and brought up in Bengal face if married to a Delhi based Punjabi household?
What should I choose, EE or CS? I know machine learning and deep learning are in but I love designing electronic circuits.
In the 1940s, did \"leftist\" and \"left-wing\" mean the same thing?
I want to hack my friend's Facebook, WhatsApp and Hike account. What should I do?
What is the Duckworth-Lewis method and how exactly does it work?
What is the difference between white gold and platinum? Which one is worth more?
Im in love with my bisexual best friend who is also a guy and has a girlfriend, and I want to tell him. How do I move on?
What are the best ways to handle stress and stressful situations?
I want to become a nursery or a preschool or a kindergarten teacher, what is it like and what sort of things do you do? The more information about it the better.
Are designer brands like Gucci, Burberry and Louis Vuitton cheaper in Vietnam than in Australia?
Can a 17 year old and a 16 year old get married?
Which college is better between Lbsim and the FORE School of Management?
How pure or effective are the medicines and products from Patanjali ayurveda (Ramdev baba)?
What is the order of the Game of Thrones books and how many more books will be written?
My front-facing camera on my iPhone 5s is blurry, foggy and pixelated. How can I fix this?
We are planing to do a project which analyzes the data present in a website and generate reports (eg: hiring analysis). Are there any websites that provide data about how many people a company is hiring every year, etc.?
I have 2.5 years experience in software testing and earning 5 lacs p.a. Is it a good package?
I am an MBA fresher with international business and marketing specialisation, how should I choose the industry to work with?
What are the advantages and disadvantages of a single party, two party and multi-party political system?
Which is better for CSE, NITs like Durgapur, Calicut, and Meghalaya or IIIT Delhi? Why?
Which is a suitable inpatient drug and alcohol rehab center near Henry County IA?
What are the best 5 dating sites for plus size women and men besides Plussizedatingsite.net?
Do you find shades of similarities in the leadership of Modi and Jayalalitha? Do you feel Modi is taking the path of Jaya to win people's heart?
I want to save my photos on a server and want to delete them from my phone memory. How do I do this?
What is the Lewis structure of SiF4, and how does it compare to that of neon?
I come from China and study in the U.S. My parents constantly ask me to go to church for the social life. I am not religious and really oppose such an idea. I know they wish me to find a boyfriend there and get married. We had a big fight today and they cut off all communications, any thoughts?
What is the difference between an induction motor and a permanent magnet motor?
In a self driving car scenario who is responsible for car insurance, and how precisely would premiums be calculated?
I sent a text through WhatsApp to my friend and there were blue ticks, but she said the message didn't come through. Is she a liar?
Between an MD (doctor of medicine) and an MS (master of surgery), which one is better and more famous?
Do engineering colleges in the US take students under sports quota for graduate studies and what are the requirements in order to be recruited in a US graduate school and follow my passion for sports to turn pro? (basketball/tennis)
What is the difference between == and = operator in C++?
Which is a suitable inpatient drug and alcohol rehab center in Fremont County ID?
How can I commit and push at same time in Git?
How do I apply for the Turkey visa while I am already travelling and presently located in another country?
Would you agree that Trump is no match for Hillary if Hillary had a long and very successful career in the industry and returned to politics?
If a neutral object is placed near a negatively charged object and is earthed, does it lose all its electrons?
What are the most common traffic convictions in Arkansas, and how does the severity of the convictions differ in Utah?
What is a good inpatient drug and alcohol rehab center near Twiggs County GA?
Does proxy servers like kproxy and savemyass completely hide your IP address?
What's the difference between power and exponential regression and what are frequent uses of each type of regression?
What is the 2D to 3D and 3D to 2D CAD conversion in Solidworks?
Are the analogies that are being made between SpiceJet and Kingfisher justified? Why or why not?
Is there a recommended Solar Energy provider and Panel Installation company in Cottonwood AZ?
Reinstalling OS EL Captain, it's already been 12 hours and still showing 71 hours 59 mints to go.What should I do?
When BSNL does not work properly and redirect .com websites, what should be done?
Where can I get sparkling and well maintained cleaning service in Sydney?
Why is Manaphy depressed in \"Pok\u00e9mon Ranger and the Temple of the Sea\" movie?
What are the strongest majors in terms of job prospects and what are the weakest majors at Frostburg State?
How do I make an official complaint regarding an online scam in India and what is the process so that a rightful action can be taken against them?
Is it possible for ethnic Jew to go from Aliah to receiving Darkon in less than 6 months, and avoid phase of \"Laissez-Passer only for new Olims\"?
Why it is that two people can read the same passage of scripture and come up with two totally different interpretations?
I got a scam from a girl in Senegal. I didn't really help her, just lied about it, and now it's a year later and she wants to give me money for my efforts. Scam? The text of the e-mail is in the comments.
What are the three major climate zones on Earth, and what are their characteristics?
How come some poeple sleep 4-5 hours and still stay healthy?
What is meant by the \"yoke of oppression\" and what are some examples of this?
Can people with bipolar benefit from their loved ones setting boundaries and refusing to tolerate certain behaviour?
I intend to build an IoT device management system with a web front-end interface. The back-end will be made up of a Node.js framework and MySQL (to store data received in MQTT messages). Is there any problem with this approach?
I proposed a girl who was a very close friend and she accepted my proposal. Now what should I do to induce that feeling of relationship?
I'm 19. A 26 year old man wants to date me and I'm not interested. What should I say?
Why do Muslims don't accept that they are Indians first and why they always talk they are minority and wants special reservations?
I got 909 token number in Vajiram and Ravi for GS+Optional.Will I get admission for both?
Who would win a dogfight between a F-35 and a Eurofighter Typhoon fighter plane?
How do you convince a smoker that second-hand smoking exists and it's not just something people say because they hate the smell of cigarettes?
Solve the case: A man got killed in his office. The suspects are Edison, Maxis, Jason, Janna, and Sofia. A calendar near the man has 6, 4, 9, 10, 11 written in blood. Who is the killer?
Where can I find all the historical expiration and notice dates for every future contract?
Why am I not as obsessed with my phone and checking dating apps ten days into my antidepressant?
What is the best way to learn Java from scratch and how many hours do I need to put in?
How can you fracture your ankle and how do you treat a fractured ankle?
Is India facing more stessful times and politically charged atmosphere when compared to Congress regime?
What is the relation between speed and torque in synchronous motor?
How does the demonetized notes of 500 and 1000 effect the real estate?
Would it be good if I graduate from Germany and Master from Stanford University (Please see details)?
Is Raina really a kind hearted and down to earth personality?
Why and how did the Jews devalue the British pound, assets and economy by 60 percent in 60 days?
Which is a suitable inpatient drug and alcohol rehab center near Porter County IN?
When two black holes merge, why is this considered 'new' space and not simply the merger of existing space?
I'm pursuing B.A. (prog.) from SOL, Du and not doing anything side by side. What career options will I have further?
After I get graded on a test, I am too scared to look at my wrong answers and why I got them wrong. What could be explaining this behavior?
Why is file deallocation important and what could happen if it does not occur on a regular basis?
What is the difference between Medel's law of segregation and law of independent assortment?
I've lost my mobile phone with Airtel postpaid SIM card. I haven't deactivated the SIM card, and the person who stole my phone is still using my SIM card. Is there any way to trace the SIM card and get my phone back?
What are the pros and cons of the German Shepherd dog?
My elder sister is very irresponsible, disrespecting and completely useless. What should I do?
What are all the reasons why a dog would lose strength in their legs and eventually not be able to walk properly and/or not have enthusiasm to want to get up?
What is the difference between scripts and programs? For example, what is the difference between Python scripting and Python code programs?
What role do you admire the most in your life and would wish to re-live that role?
Why does the UK have a monarchy and the US does not?
Donald Trump suggested that Turkey should go in Syria and fight ISIS. Do you agree? Why/why not?
What are the best Indian colleges that accept CIE board and can provide direct entries for A ranking students?
Family Relationships and Dynamics: How does a college going child deal with (emotionally and physically) the pain of seeing a parent suffer from a horrible disease, especially when u are studying abroad?
Mario Lopez says he married Ali Landry after six years of dating and divorced in two weeks because he never loved her. How common is it for people to be together that long, get married, and not love each other?
Who will win the 36th match between Bengal Warriors and Jaipur Pink Panthers in Pro Kabaddi Season 4 2016?
In ancient times, why were the Greeks and Latins considered to be so literate?
I am a 3rd year computer engineering student from a Mumbai University college and my average till 4th semester is 6 pointer. Next year placements will start. What should I do to get a good job?
Are there ways to lower the chances of IMS bearing failure on the Porsche 996, and are some years more vulnerable than others?
If I am an American high school-aged learner and want to study psychology in the UK, what do I have to do?
What are the most interesting products and innovations that Advance Auto Parts is coming out with in 2016?
I have converted IIM-L,K, I,S Call as a fresher, should I gain work experience and give CAT again for targeting IIM-A,B, C?
What are the differences between JLPT N3 and JLPT N2? As far as I know there are many guys fail N3 test but pass N2 and vice versa.
Rachel Bloom: What's it like to make and release a viral YouTube video?
How would the world react, if an indestructible and immovable ball suddenly appeared?
Why is Eric Cartman Catholic and not Protestant? Is there a reason?
What are some mind blowing tools and gadgets that mos't people dont know?
What is difference between Tat Khalsa and Bandai Khalsa? How can we recognize them?
What are Roadhog\u2019s strengths and weaknesses and what roles should he play in a team?
My boyfriend broke up with me, slept with another and got back with me without telling me. Will he cheat if I take him back?
What is the Impact of GST (Good and service tax) on car service?
What does the abbreviation N.B. mean and why do people use it?
What would happen if Donald Trump lost and refused to concede the election?
What are some unusual aspects about politics and government in S\u00e3o Tom\u00e9 and Pr\u00edncipe?
What is a description of how target cells discriminate among signals, and how the same signal can elicit multiple cellular responses?
What happened to Carol's first husband and Mike's first wife in the Brady Bunch?
What have been the positives and negatives of Modi government's so far?
Where can I invest 10 dollars and make daily profits online?
What influenced Swami Vivekananda to say, \"brothers and sisters\" in one of his popular speeches? Is it any prophet/religion?
If I temporarily suspend my personal Facebook profile, can I still run ads and manage fanpages from Business Manager?
Why do women wear revealing clothes and later complain about getting lot of attention?
Can I get driving licence for both car and bike for llr with only lmvnt?
I been married for two years and I don't love him anymore?
Why some peoples are always demotivated and while some others are full of energetic and optimist?
What is deep web and dark web? And how to access it?
I found out today that my former landlord has filed for Chapter 11 Bankruptcy protection. I obtained a judgement and enrolled it with my local circuit court clerk's office before he filed his bankruptcy case. Will I be able to still collect my judgement since I have a lien on his real property now?
If war starts between India and Pakistan, will it be a nuclear war?
I graduated from Bachelor of Nutrition. Between Master of Public Health spc in Health economics and Master of HE, which the best one you advise to me?
I have a news website. Some one using shortener url server for my website and promoting my content. Is there any way to block those urls?
Do bad boys always get the girl and good boys get stuck in the friendzone? Why or why not?
Is it recommended to apply for H1B Visa through consultancies in addition to your current employer for Year 2016 (my last shot)? I heard USCIS will remove a candidate from its system and not award him/her an H1B if more than 1 application by that candidate are picked in the lottery. Is that true?
Can an average student with 68 percent in 10th, 69 in 12th, and 75 percent in graduation get into the IIMs?
How can I comprehend the various permutations and combinations of sexual orientation?
What do Jimmy Wales and David E. Shaw think of each other?
Why is there a conflict between India and Pakistan on Kashmir?
Is it possible to have I-140 approved, go back to the origin country, and come back to U.S after GC is approved?
Am planning to do MBA from abroad. I have an Engg background and my choice of countries are USA/Canada/Australia. Which will b d better option?
Will there be a WW3 if all the Arab nations unite, attack Israel, and cut off the oil supply to the USA and other powerful nations?
What is the most difficult single measure of music you have played, and what is difficult to you about it?
I have received my Flipkart order, and on the order page, it's still showing an option to cancel. Can I cancel, and will I be getting the amount back without returning the item?
Who would win a conventional war between North Korea and South Korea, assuming no outside help?
What are the differences between a grotesque and a neo-grotesque typeface?
Is the Army College of Medical Sciences, Delhi very strict for girls? Can you move in and out of the campus freely or are there restrictions?
Why is Google Play Developer Console again and again stating that my debit card is invalid even when it's not?
What is the easiest way to prepare and clear the HP2-Z34 exam?
How is the chemical formula for zinc chloride and ammonium sulfide determined?
I'm pregnant when did I concieve? I had sex on the 16th and 17 th January after my period ended and I was fertile from January 24 th to 29th?
I keep asking in person over and over again and over again, how do I forget about asking?
How important is interpretability for a model in Machine Learning, and how can Deep Learning models be made more interpretable?
How is that LPG can be used only on Petrol engine vehicles whereas CNG is being used on both Petrol and Diesel engine vehicles? [By using appropriate conversion kits in both cases?
How can you tell if your iPhone has been hacked, and is it possible to do it remotely?
How many programming languages does Facebook use and how do the languages connect with each other?
I am graduating with a degree in civil engineering this coming year and planning to do MS in civil engineering abroad. Can you suggest some good universities in US and Europe?
How will the ban on Rs 500 and 1000 notes impact the Indian economy?
What are the most interesting products and innovations that Altisource Residential is coming out with in 2016?
How do I install the required software packages and configure the old Linux command rcp?
Which is the most widely used database among relational and non-relational databases used in applications and devices?
How do France's economic activities compare and contrast to those of Chile?
Which sect of Jews lived in Macca and Madinah during the time of Prophet Muhammad?
What's the differences between database and data structure? When do we use each?
Why is CGI so expensive and how can it be made cheaper?
What's the difference between \"in to\" and \"into\"? When is each one used? Please give examples.
What is the academic pressure and workload at the University of Utah like?
What will RBI do after receiving all the old 500 and 1000 notes? Will they burn those notes?
What's the difference between Oxford Dictionary of English and Oxford Advanced Learner's Dictionary?
What is the essential difference between Wholesale Price Index (WPI) and Consumer Price Index (CPI)? Which of the two is more relevant pertaining to India and why?
Can someone weigh more than me and still have a lower body fat percentage than me?
Which blind spots does the Christianity have or propagate, project, propel and propaganda for/towards its followers/fellows(hip)?
I got dismissed from a college and my appeal was rejected. I've earned 83 credits and my GPA is 1.73. Do I have to start over from scratch? Is there a college that'll accept me?
Workers Compensation: I had a work related injury back in 2000 or so. The doctor they sent me to didn't have a clue as to what was going on with my knee. Turns out, I cracked my kneecap and tore my ACL. Do I still have a claim against the company after all these years?  What can I do to fix this issue before it costs me my job?
A big misunderstanding occurred between my female best friend and her friend because of me. What should I do?
Where does the water from the Great Lakes come from, and how does these lakes wildlife compare to Lake Maggiore?
What would be the good and bad effects of reverse psychology?
What are the strongest majors in terms of job prospects and what are the weakest majors at Southeast Missouri State?
Is a .38 snub nose revolver powerful and how much do they run?
If our galaxy size is about 100,000 light years, and one light year equal = nearly 6 trillion miles (how space telescope travel and discover other?
Sikhism: What do Sikhs think of Hinduism and the BJP? Is it similar to the modern Iranians/Persian view of Zoroastrianism?
What was the first coding platform and how do you \"run\" lines of code that you have typed?
We are a 3-year-old IT firm trying to expand our business and get some more clients. How can we break into new markets?
What is the purpose of putting eye shadow and make the eyes look dark? Is there any evolution theory in favor of darker eyes?
When is the Veterans Day parade, and how is it celebrated?
What techniques does Jared Leto use to reach high and scratchy notes? I love that harsh sound he makes, how can I reproduce it myself?
Can American cities preserve old houses and old trees while pursuing sustainable new urban development?
Why do people not question \"news\" posts and opinions posted on social media websites?
Who are the likely winner for best actors and actresses in the 2016 Golden Globes?
What are the ordinances of 1785 and 1787? What impact did they have?
What are the best image and graphics processing program at this time?
Why does an aeroplane make sound during day time and is not much audible during night?
Why do they insist on putting the IV infusion in the hand and not on the arm in hospital wards, as they do in the OR and ER?
How do I automatically turn airplane mode on at night and off in morning in lollipop?
If pqrst=243 where p, q, s, r, t are integers, then the difference between maximum and minimum values of (1+p) (1+q) (1+r) (1+s) (1+t)?
What are the most interesting products and innovations that Bank of America is coming out with in 2016?
Will the decision to demonetize 500 and 1000 rupee notes help to curb black money?
I've had an EPF with my current company for about 1.5 years and now I'm moving abroad so transferring the EPF is not an option. However, I will return in some time and do not want to withdraw the amount as it will lead to tax deduction. Is there any way to transfer the EPF to PPF or NRI accounts?
How do some investment, equity and dividend factors work (see Comment for questions)?
What would happen if a husband and wife have the same blood group?
I know how to build a website from scratch and I know how to market and do business, would this make me successful in affiliate marketing?
Is it okay to lie on your taxes if it makes no difference in what you owe and saves both you and the government enormous amounts of paperwork?
What is the difference between VOLVO B9R and B11R? Also please tell me about Scania and Mercedes Benz variants.
If you are general of us army stationed overseas and you want leave who signs your exit papers?
What is the short way to learn C++ knowing that I know C and I want to learn C++ to get a job as an engineer in the embedded field?
How do I stop teeth clenching and grinding when I am completely unaware that I do it?
I had a dream in which I saw my sister sitting on a tree and it was raining. I went to get her down. What does it mean?
Where does the water from the Great Lakes come from, and how does these lakes wildlife compare to Randsfjorden?
What is the difference between upper yield point and lower yield point of a stress-strain curve for mild steel?
What are the differences between eccentric and concentric contraction? What are some examples?
What are the best courses for the electrical and electronics engineering?
What are the requirments to export clothes like Raymond and Grasim (Indian brands) to Australia?
From last two days I am having mild headache and it starts in the evening.What may be the cause?
I am an apathetic, manipulative, compulsive liar and I'm extremely bored of living, what should I do?
Why are modern Indian women so scared, confused and need a man to depend upon ?
Who designs the electric motors in electric and hybrid cars? Is it mechanical or electrical engineers?
What are the constitutional factors affecting central and state relations on legislative factor?
In literature, what is a foil and how is it used?
Which school is better, for what, and why: Parsons or RISD?
While making an Aadhar card for my mother in the finger print scanner only three finger prints in one hand and two finger prints in the other were detected. Will the Aadhar card be issued to my mother and where should I complain about it?
Would it be easier to learn Spanish and French together, or Spanish and Swedish?
Demographically is time on the side of Scottish Independence and does this make it impossible for the Union to stay together for a long time?
Catholics believe in the trinity, worship statues of Jesus and Mary, and statues and even body parts of saints. Is this idolatry or not?
What does this quote mean: \"Humans are pattern-seeking animals and we are adept at finding patterns whether they exist or not\u201d?
What are the permissions and licenses required for manufacturing and selling handbags?
Does Genetics affect Muscle growth, compactness, and strength? If yes how is it inherited?
Would a group of bees, isolated at birth, grow up to be and do like any other normal group of bees?
Was former Tamil Nadu chief minister and actor m g ramachandran overrated?
What if a girl seen your message and still don't reply on Facebook?
What is the difference between electrical engineering and electrical and electronics engineering? Which one has a better scope?
After shooting meth, what causes numbness, burning and a swollen knot at the injection site?
What was the budget for COMPSTAT and how much did it cost?
Would a tank be designed with guided missiles and small guns only without a large cannon?
Which is a good inpatient drug and alcohol rehab center near Hernando County FL?
How can I transfer files between a computer and a Android phone by Wifi?
What would be an approximate number of homo sapiens that lived and died throughout history (i.e. up until today)?
Which is institution is better among D.T.U and IIIIT-D for Computer Science?
In what ways do the personalities of Russian and British people generally differ?
Is it true that after inserting Jio sim the phones get locked and any other sim will not work in that particular slot?
I find many conceptual errors in questions and answer keys for JEE mock-up tests. FIITJEE AITS seem to have lot of conceptual errors in questions and clerical and conceptual errors in answer keys. Is there any mock-up test for JEE advanced without errors in questions and answer keys?
When will Hillary supporters stop whinning and start addressing Trump as Mr. President?
What is it like getting a job in IT (web development) in Southeast Asia and East Asia? Which countries are the easiest to get into?
From where should one can start learning AI? What are the basic requirements and in what respect one can see evolving in this particular field?
What are some unconditional statements in C and what are some examples?
What are the benefits of the one child policy in China and when was this policy established and why?
What are some of the remedies to remove hard and thick dandruff on the scalp?
When somebody's talking, I can only look at their lips and I can't really keep eye contact. Does that mean anything?
Is it OK if I take 0.5 mg of Xanax and 5 hours later 1 mg of Victan?
What is the maximum and average package given at VIT for CSE?
What are the two main and worst pollutants in car exhaust fumes?
Rooting (Android): How do I unbrick Moto E2 (3G) and install Indian stock firmware again?
I thought vodka was supposed to be colourless, odourless and tasteless. How am I supposed to be able to choose a good quality vodka to drink?
I have a startup idea. Should I learn Website development and Android development OR give the work to some private party? Why or why not?
Do people with bipolar disorder lie to skip work and go out instead (eg: mall)?
Who are the best tech recruiters and recruitment firms in NYC?
What is the difference between an array and a hash table in a programming language?
If I make a book containing all Quora questions and answers, how big will the book be?
How do atheists explain the existence of the matter and energy present during the \"Big Bang\"?
How well are scientists and engineers at NASA and CERN paid?
Would you dispose the old 500 INR and 1000 INR currency notes as a notaphilist (currency collector)?
I need some topic for my journalism dissertation? I'm pursuing my 2nd year in Journalism and Mass Communication under Calcutta University.
Why is Narendra Modi and BJP not so popular in South India?
Why is one of calves thinner and how to treat it?
What's next in software defined networking and software defined cloud computing?
I'm starting a business, fixing mobile devices and networking for both camp grounds local business. Any Ideas for a name?
Why do the rich Muslim countries such as Kuwait, Oman, Qatar, Saudi Arabia, Bahrain and United Arab Emirates refuse to take in any refugees?
I am a 15 year old girl with fat face and thin body. What should I do with my face?
The resultant of two vectors having magnitude 2 and 3 is 1. What is their cross product?
What is the difference between CA and ACCA in reference to laws in Pakistan?
How can I improve my programming style and skills in C language?
What causes a dry throat and a runny nose? How should it be treated?
How much do personal trainers get paid and how much of it goes to the gym?
Which is a suitable inpatient drug and alcohol rehab center near Montgomery County GA?
I want to play basketball in the NCAA, but I'm entering second year at college and have never played competitively before. Is it too late to compete?
Is it possible that the Gods in ancient religions and myths aren't just myths and that they are actually talking about extraterrestrial beings?
What would happen if Robb hadn't executed Karstark and had kept his promise of marrying the Frey girl? Would The Red Wedding still happen even after that?
Are there any chances of changing the stream from electronics and communication engineering to computer science after the 1st year if a student performs extremely well in the first year?
Will I save fuel if I cruise while the clutch is pressed then again speed up gently and press the clutch again to cruise for some time?
Make the lie big, make it simple, keep saying it, and eventually they will believe it. ~ Adolf Hitler. Is Modi's \"Acche Din\" one of the above kind?
I want to join to CBI. I have completed a BCA, and I am currently pursuing an MS. What path should I follow?
My boyfriend is getting married this week and I am feeling suicidal. What should I do?
How can I recover the images, videos and files I accidentally deleted from the internal memory of my phone?
When is it best to get a flu shot in Malaysia, and where would one go about getting one?
If oil is made from decomposed dinosaurs, and plastic is made from oil, are plastic dinosaurs made from real dinosaurs?
What is neutral current transformer and where do we use it?
Who are some lesser known important historical figures of Guyana and what should people know about them?
Free help finding my metro pcs phone that was stolen yesterday and I just bought it help me please would love to get back?
What are the most interesting products and innovations that RCS Capital is coming out with in 2016?
Science is a collaborative endeavor and we stand on the shoulders of Giants! Who are your favorite 8 giants and why?
Which is a suitable inpatient drug and alcohol rehab center in Pasquotank County NC?
How do we know who is coming and going while we're away from home?
How do you deal with a child who is a guest in your house (your child's friend), and who is talking back to you or ignoring your requests?
What is a good inpatient drug and alcohol rehab center in Marshall County AL?
What are the healthiest and best tasting types of salt you can buy that are mined and not chemically processed or extracted from the sea?
I like a girl but she has a over protective BF. Her best friend is on FB and sometimes we talk to each other. How do I make her my girlfriend?
What are some tips for starting a fruit and vegetable distribution business?
What are the best job fairs near Sacramento? When and where are they held? What were your experiences at them?
How does it feel to die and then come back to life?
Why did the god of Abraham not want Adam and Eve to eat from the tree? Does this mean that god wanted us to be ignorant?
How do I make a good Unstructured Mesh (Tetrahedron) such that triangular faces of tetrahedron mesh are equilateral triangle and Cell faces are  equidistant from the neighbouring center nodes?
How much would you pay for someone to drive you and your car back home after a night of drinking?
What is God's purpose of casting Satan and his followers down to Earth where Adam and Eve lives?
Why do people love iced coffee and Iced tea, but not cold coffee and cold tea?
Do U.S. based companies have to pay both U.S. taxes, and taxes overseas, on products sold overseas?
When I sign in to Quora, it already show my password and email.What I can do for this?
Why does Elon Musk keep getting divorced and remarried to Talulah Riley?
Is it okay to wear the same outfits over and over again? Does it matter that a person has only two or three outfits?
I own 3 investment properties. Two are rented, and I\u2019m living in one I owe 70k on. I have 100k in savings. How should I proceed?
How I can move in other Country with 1 million euros and good business experience but no degree to start a new life?
I have personal capital of  dollar 4000 and want to start my own business. What are some good small business ideas?
Who interviewed for a software engineering role at Google, Facebook, Amazon and got in without preparing for the interview?
Do I have to take both math 1 and math 2 SAT subject tests?
What is one programming skill/project I can spend 2 years on and become absolutely brilliant in it?
What are the similarities and connections between Buddhism and Advaita Vedanta?
What has changed at Jaguar and Land Rover Since TATA took over?
What were the main causes of World War 1 and what were the consequences for the countries involved?
Will there be any problem if both the husband and the wife are of the same blood group (AB+)?
What is the second largest planet in the solar system, and how does its composition compare to Uranus?
Who are some lesser known important historical figures of Belgium and what should people know about them?
I met a guy who turned my world upside down and I love him. But now he says that he is not good for me and we can't be together. What should I do?
If you were at a below average (just in terms of every single American) fitness level and you had 1 month to get ready for a marathon, what would your schedule be?
What should I do my date of birth is wrong in birth certificate and correct in sslc marks card how to rectify it in birth certificate?
What is the history of the Glassboro train station, and how does it compare to Ashfield station?
In an age where we constantly see the best of other people's work and lives, how do we not feel dissatisfied with our own work and lives?
If I don't get a seat in VajiRam and Ravi, which will be the second best institute to study at?
What is the most challenging part of your work and how do you deal with it?
Politics of India: How do you differentiate between an article and a schedule of the Indian Constitution?
If at typical atmospheric temperatures and pressures, water is a liquid (or solid) and much denser than air, then why does water vapour exist?
How is SGSITS, Indore for CSE? What is the average package for CSE and the highest packages? How are the hostel facilities and every other facility over there?
Can single people live a happy and fulfilling life given the fact that they are living on their own and have no children to take care of them?
What are the advantages and disadvantages of path encoded qubits and polarization encoded qubits, respectively?
What does Germany look like, and how does its geography compare to Switzerland's?
There's something your friends can't help you with and you know that authorities don't want to. Who do you turn to?
What is the difference between a provisional and non-provisional patent application?
How effective is scrapping 500 and 1000 rupee notes? Will it reduce black money?
What is likely to happen if 100 adults (50 men and 50 women) all got polyamorously married and lived alone on a deserted island with no technology?
What is the the basic difference between object oriented and object based programming concept?
Where did the stereotype of Russians being math, science, and engineering geniuses originate?
What is far-right, centre-left, labor etc. and how can I remember them easily?
What is a GoPro? What are the advantages and disadvantages of this camera?
What are the shares between Rs.10 and Rs. 50 which can give good returns?
Is Google killing Google+ and is that the reason Vic Gundotra left?
What is the best way to panhandle and how much can you make?
What is the sodium and ion channel in brain and what is role of those?
What are the strongest majors in terms of job prospects and what are the weakest majors at Austin Peay State?
What is a good estimate of the number of people worldwide that are nowadays involved and directly affected in some way by war conflicts (military, refugees, civilians or neutral parties on war areas, etc.), regarding national or international disputes?
What is manspreading and why is it such a big problem?
What are the similarities and differences between Disney World and Disneyland Paris?
Where can I download All dummies ebook and all computer books for a small monthly fee.?
Why does my father and family always compare me to others and try to make me feel inferior?
How will the decision of scrapping INR 500 and INR 1000 notes affect real estate prices?
What are the strongest majors in terms of job prospects and what are the weakest majors at Bates College?
Why is it that really nice guys stay single and never get a girlfriend?
What happens if you take Sudafed and Aspirin at the same time?
Why did Google release Google Allo and Google Duo when there still is Google Hangout?
What would happen if Trump assaulted a protester and the protester defended himself?
What would happen if the government lost its power and started crussing the dolar to supress by trying to gain its power back?
What are the names of the noble houses and the Seven Kingdoms of Westeros?
Insert a rational number and an irrational number between \u221a2 and \u221a3. How do I solve this?
How exactly do top colleges evaluate high school GPA and use it in the admission process to compare candidates?
What is the historical background of Cinese workers on Australian gold mines, and how does gold production the compare to the production in Russia?
Instagram has suggested a user for me but the user is someone that has blocked me and I've blocked them. How can I make their account go away?
My BE Aggre. is 59 percent (ECE), and I got the CDAC Banglore KP (for DESD). What should I do?
Are there any good e-course about selling and creating ebooks online?
What is the difference between a current and savings bank account?
Songwriters: How can I get my music out there if I'm only 14 and I can't have any social networking accounts or a YouTube account?
How do you find the contact e-mail and info based on a Twitter account?
Now that Trump has won, will the Justice Department continue to pursue and prosecute Hillary Clinton? Will she end up in jail?
What are the main parts of the circulatory system, and what function does each serve?
I want to create a website with a responsive layout with some dynamic pages like a products page where I want to update the list/images of products from time to time, and a contact form page. I don't want to use WordPress or similar template. Which JS library will help me?
How realistic is a universal basic income, and when will it be implemented?
How do I get a data of calls and messages of somone's phone number?
What is the weather in Orlando like on June, and how does it differ from the weather in January?
I'm really pretty but I don't want to be I hate the attention and dudes hitting on me what should I do?
What is the main different between MongoDB code and node.js and How to make schema in node js?
What are the causes of itchy toes and how can they be remedied?
What cool things can one do with an iPhone and iPad that most people don't know about?
I am a refugee from Italy with a two-year document and I want to go to the UK. What are some of the proceedings for me?
I have been cheated by Quikr. What happened was I called someone from the ad posted on Quikr and he asked to submit some money for registration and then now neither I am getting any job nor he is returning my money. What should I do?
What is the best, most complete, & most accurate accounting and business terminology app in iTunes?
Which MI films has Simon Pegg acted in, and what roles did he play?
What is the process of directing and casting child actors in powerful movies?
I want to have my own setup one day that will deal with space travel and exploration in Africa, how possible is that and how much does one need?
Who is the most annoying and irritating Bollywood actors and actresses?
International Relations: The Saudis spend more on defense compared to India and Germany. Is it really necessary for them to spend that much?
What are the dangers of taking Melatonin and Paxil at the same time?
What are some tips, tricks and gotchas when using AWS Lambda with RDS databases?
My girlfriend always makes mistakes. I get very angry, she gets mad, and we always fight. Do I have the right to be angry?
Is it true that Vladimir Putin is a billionaire? How did he make his money, and how can he ever enjoy/spend/invest it without it becoming a huge issue for his position (in Russia and internationally)?
I hate taking a bath and shaving. What should I do?
What is the difference between noise and elastic distortion in computer vision?
What will be the effect of possible war between India and Pakistan on Indian Stock market?
How can a foreign student improve his/her English speaking and participate into the group work?
What are the main rights, elements and factors divided among federal government and constituent units in Mexico?
What is foreign aid, and what are some advantages and disadvantages of it?
How can I get private equity fund to invest in and install growth oriented CEO in my small  dollar 2 million tech company?
I use Quora for about 3-4 hours a day and lately I am unable to find new questions. What should I do?
What's the best thing about Facebook and what's the worst thing?
If my life had absolutely no limits and I could have it all and do whatever I wanted, what would I choose to have and what would I choose to do?
Where can I get best designing and printing services in Sydney for envelopes?
What are the strongest majors in terms of job prospects and what are the weakest majors at Tennessee State?
How does a PhD/MPhil in economics from Cambridge and Oxford compare to similar programs in US Schools?
Just a fun question: What\u00b4s your favorite movie, and who is your favorite musician?
What Photogrammetry software is free, easy to use, and can work off a single photograph?
How can I explain the difference between value and reference types, what is stack and what is heap for a very freshman students in CS?
What are the ways other than filing FIR and calling on 100, to inform police of any incident in India?
Where do you see your career in 3 years time and how will this job help you achieve this?
How do I plan a 10 day road trip to Leh/Ladakh from Delhi and how much will it cost per person?
What if someone was able to hoard 80 percent of all coins in a country and was able to keep it from being found, what are the economic effects of this?
How do Bangalore bus routes compare to Gangtok's, and what authority oversees them?
What is the Latin translation of \"through thick and thin my honor will not waver\"?
If all matter has dual ie., particle and wave character, does it include macro objects also?
I joined ace acdemy in july upto when the course wil be over and what sequence of subjects they follow while completing syllabus?
What are the main differences between Aruba, Bonaire, and Cura\u00e7ao for a first-time tourist?
Why does one dream come again and again in my life?
Why is it etiquette to hold a fork using the left hand and not the right hand if I'm right-handed?
Shall I join an IIM (Kozhikode, and newer ones) as a fresher directly after B.tech or should I take a job that is paying 4.5 LPA and take another go at the CAT/XAT after 2 years for A, B, C,L, FMS & XLRI?
Is it possible to make a system which can absorb whole energy and radiation of a nuclear bomb explosion as quickly as it spreads?
Can a teenager legally make money and buy items without their parents taking it as a 15 year old?
What are valence electrons and how many valence electrons can be found in carbon?
Is the division between blacks and police officer part of Obama's failure as a President?
How likely will Erdogan move toward Putin's and Netanyahu's sphere, given his increasing disregard for rule of law?
I have two  rupee 1 notes (1 printed in 1985 and 1 in 1993). Are they valuable or do they cost just 1 rupee?
What it is like to quit your job and travel the world?
Which is the better option when planning a trip from Bangalore to Goa? Should we go by car and start driving at night or should we go by train to Goa and reserve a car there?
What is the difference between EBIDTA Margin and Operating Income Margin?
Which is a good table tennis bat for beginners and intermediate players in India?
What would you do if ordered a cake for a child's birthday, and a mix-up led to you receiving an erotic cake instead?
What is the difference between stainless steel and mild steel? Which is more stronger?
What will done our sim card registered more than 9 but previous are disconnected, and current is only 2 use. It is legal or not?
What is it like to work in the Indian Army? What are the perks and the woes? Any experiences/perspective?
I've notice that the bottom hole of my tongue piercing is white and it's has a little bump and it kinda stings. could it be infected?
Who invented the formula for Kinetic Energy (KE = 1/2 mv^2) and when should it be used instead of the formula for momentum (p = mv) and why?
Which email service is the best for privacy and not collecting information about me?
For Ottoman Empire, what are the positions of Sultan, Caliph and Grand Vizier in terms of governance?
How would I form my own political party and become Prime Minister (UK)?
Has anyone tasted and tested \"Raw pressery\" juices and are they effective?
What different types of RAM and ROM exist and what are their differences?
What are the strongest majors in terms of job prospects and what are the weakest majors at the University of Mary Washington?
What is one article published in Wikipedia that made their own staff members and founders think \"Thank God we have Wikipedia to learn this\"?
What are the best books for control engineering and power systems from the point of view of GATE preparation?
What are the best job fairs near Baltimore? When and where are they held? What were your experiences at them?
How can soemone keep his job and get some money from internet?
What does Germany look like, and how does its geography compare to Sweden's?
I'm 18 years old, have my voter's ID and Aadhar card. Can I buy my own SIM card?
Can you have Ahdd and disgraphia and still be a successful adult?
I am 20 years old and would like to purchase a handgun to keep it in my house and in my closest for home safety, is this legal?
Who dies in \"Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows\" and how?
I had my hair chemically straightened 6 months ago, and started falling from the front to the back it's getting worst. I am 17. How should I treat it?
I temporarily disabled my Instagram account via PC and then logged back in via IPhone and all my photos are gone and I can't send DMs, can anyone help?
What is the history of Port Blair, Andaman and Nicobar Island, India?
At about what age is it likely that my son and daughter will go from calling me \"Daddy\" to \"Dad\"?
How do you create a foreign key to link two tables in SQL? I had some problems and it told me that it could not add foreign key constraints.
What are the funniest stories your family and friends tell about you?
Why are there so many Chinese people in Irvine and where do they come from?
How will scraping currency notes of INR 500 and 1000 affect our economy in all major aspects?
What effect would Trump's campaign and utterances have on his future or even exiting business dealings?
What are some ways to be stress free and emotionally healthy?
If a guy-friend starts to text a lot more and he's the one who initiates, does this mean he developed a crush?
How can I get free PokeCoins and Pokeballs on Pok\u00e9mon GO?
How can I commit suicide and make it look like natural death?
What is the purpose of a mail merge and why are they used?
Was Khizr Khan\u2019s speech written by writers at the DNC and was he paid  dollar 25,000 by them?
Could someone tell of a James Ronsey (misspelled likely), writer and filmmaker, probably of the British Isles?
What are the best job fairs near Toronto? When and where are they held? What were your experiences at them?
What are the differences and similarities between bicarbonate soda and baking soda?
Is it just me, or is Two and a Half Men really the best comedy series?
What particular problem(s) were attempted to being solved as C was founded and consequently built as a result of pursuing solutions to those problems?
How do i prepare for NEET and AIIMS 2017 in a year?
What are the effects of thunder and lightning on sea animals?
Which is a suitable inpatient drug and alcohol rehab center in Chambers County AL?
What is the difference between Computer Engineering and Information Technology and if there is any then why both have same syllabus in india?
How do I make A title in large case letters and then ask the question in small case letters of more than 150 characters?
Who is/was the worst and the best Prime Minister of India?
What would happen if you walked up to a UK police officer and asked them to breathalyse you?
What's the body that governs sports in Sweden, and its (email) contact point?
Can you please evaluate my profile and suggest ambitious, moderate and safe universities for MS in US.?
Will banning of Rs.500 and Rs.1000 currency notes affect the economy?
Why is it so bad if I work and don't get paid?
Is it possible that when matter first went through the Higgs field, that it became a kind of primordial soup of subatomic particles and they eventually gravitated toward some previously existing guidelines and fell into place to become atoms?
What would happen if both Clinton and Trump had to withdraw from the Presidential election?
Logic Puzzles: There are 9 balls out of which one ball is heavy in weight and rest are of the same weight. In how many occurrences will you find the heavy ball?
What are the prices practiced by Gnip and Datasift, regarding Twitter data?
What's the difference between a real detective and how detectives are shown on cop shows?
Can a candidate give improvement exam in the suceeding year by admitting a school and his marksheet can be come as a regular candidate?
What is the deepest lake in Europe, and how does this lake's flora and fauna compare to that of Lake Albert?
I slept with my girlfriend's mom and her sister. I can't look them straight in the eye and am getting engaged soon. What should I do?
What are Trump's policies? Each speaker at the RNC contradicted the other and he has yet to give a full statement about his plans.
What are some of the best new products that are available and most people don't know about?
How can I make a career start at a semiconductor company in Germany (for example as an intern) with a master's in electrical engineering and information technology (sensor system technology), which is not at all relevant to the fields like a master's in VLSI design and embedded systems?
What is a good inpatient drug and alcohol rehab center near Jefferson County IA?
Who or what does Hillary Clinton and her campaign fault for their losing the election?
What was the significance of the battle of Somme, and how did this battle compare and contrast to the Battle of Rutterdam?
What should I prefer 8gb ram and 2gb graphic card or 4gb ram and 2gb graphics card? I want it for computer programming
Could groundhogs be introduced to the Philippines, and survive in the wild there?
Where should I go to see real Southeast Asian scenery and beautiful people (especially women)?
Which is the best 32 inch, LED and full HD monitor?
What will happen to all the proprietary and open source standards that are being stored in CMS and Document management systems as the standards fall to the wayside?
What are the pros and cons of Elementary OS vs macOS?
Since the Republicans in Congress are so hot to \"repeal and replace\" Obamacare, why do they apparently not have a replacement plan ready yet?
What are the most interesting products and innovations that Franklin Street Properties is coming out with in 2016?
What are the basic functions of DNA and how are they carried out?
What do conservatives in the UK and USA think of economic liberalism?
Was it just a coincidence that the author of Genesis placed Adam and Eve's Garden of Eden where historians claim is the birthplace of humanity - Mesopotamia?
What are the most interesting products and innovations that State Street is coming out with in 2016?
When stopped in traffic whilst driving a car with automatic transmission, does selecting drive and applying the parking brake significantly damage either the parking brake or the transmissin?
Is it possible to attract investment without a working prototype? What if I have an idea and a PPT with all the relevant business details and I need a small investment to get skill to work on my idea?
How do I get over a girl whom I love truly but she loves some other guy and she thinks of me only as a time-pass friend?
Is there any course which offers studying of vedas, upanishads and mahapuranas? Is there any future scope if I choose this field as my carrer?
How did Irene Adler fake her death and fool even Sherlock when he saw the body?
I'm young and own a home in a city with high cost of living. I'm modest and don't want to stand out. How should I respond if someone asks if I rent?
What is a pro-social psychopath, and does there exist pro-social sociopaths?
Do you think the Indian cinema and TV shows thrive on misogyny and reflect a collective mindset of the people of India?
Why is Mamata Banerjee not supporting the ban of 500 and 1000 notes to fight corruption?
What is a consecutive calendar day and how is it related with the Tonalpohualli?
I watched captain America civil war yesterday and I hated captain America. Am I the only one ?
Who is Mo Vlog's dad and why is he not in the videos?
What is it like learning Spanish and German at the same time?
What is the exact procedure of buying shares and what is the minimum amount required for investment?
what are the differences between first world and third world countries? Are there any second world countries?
What's the difference between biomedical science and medical science? Also why are the entry requirements low?
If you were to travel back in time, which year would you go to, and specifically which famous personality would you like to meet?
Would not it be better if people start sorting out their own differences by talking rather than posting questions on Quora and then following some random advice given by some random person which is exactly equivalent to living life according to others?
Why do jimmy carter and bill clinton not like each other?
Would you as a homeless person (or formerly homeless) prefer to take on a small job (half an hour to a few hours) now and then instead of begging or any other activity you currently do to make some money?
Is there any guy like me who scored like 74.2 in 12th board exams and studied in tier 3 engineering college, but is having a good job nowadays?
What would happen if a healthy human were to be put under general anesthesia and then cremated alive as he was under anesthesia, what would he feel?
I have graduated from NIT Calicut with 6.18 CGPA and IELTS 7.0 GRE 312\u2026 can anyone suggest me good universities in Canada?
What is the best GMAT and CAT coaching centre in Bangalore?
What is the type of differentiation used to derive metric tensors and chain rule/implicit/gradient? How do we get the dx from performing partial derivatives?
If a contract exists with 3 signees and one of them broke the contract, is this contract null and void?
Who are some lesser known important historical figures of Grenada and what should people know about them?
2 equal glasses of the same type are respectively 1/3 and 1/4 full of milk. They are then filled up with water and the contents are mixed in a pot. What is the ratio of milk and water in the pot?
What is the likelihood of Donald Trump defeating Hillary Clinton and winning the 2016 US Presidential election?
Who are some lesser known important historical figures of Lithuania and what should people know about them?
Should FBI Director Comey be fired and prosecuted for trying to rig the election for Trump?
Why is career progression so slow and how can someone speed it up (responsibility, pay etc)?
A girl kissed me on my cheek and I kissed her back on her forehead. Is that okay and legal in India?
What current issues in American society and politics are melding together, and why?
What is the spin quantum number and what is its value?
Why did the British split India and Myanmar? Should the two countries reunite again?
Does China allow South Korean citizens to immigrate and live in Yanbian Korean Autonomous Prefecture and its surroundings?
Which would be a better choice? Sony A6000 or Canon 750D/T6i? I wan't a camera to family trips and specially kids photos. I am also very much concerned about Image Quality.
What are the mood ring colors and their meanings? How are they manufactured?
Which companies provide paid/unpaid training and experience certificate on industrial automation?
How can you live in a hotel and what is it like living in it?
Is there an inpatient Drug and Alcohol Rehab Center in Glenn County California?
When I experience problems with Google, why can't I log in using my email and password to Quora? I usually log in with Google to Quora.
How will BCIM (Bangladesh, China, India and Myanmar) and MSR (Maritime Silk Road) going to benefit India? Will newly developed ports in Pakistan and Sri Lanka by Beijing going to pose strategic concerns for India?
How do I make money importing goods and which product to import and from which country?
Is it easier to live off hunting and fishing in Alaska, Florida, or the Bahamas?
Why would there be a crater where a wart was and how can you get rid of it?
What is a suitable inpatient drug and alcohol rehab center near Gilmer County GA?
How do I improve my mathematical, analytical and problem solving skills?
Are both Narendra Modi and Arvind Kejriwal two sides of the same coin?
What are some examples of homozygous dominant and homozygous recessive genes
If an amount of energy was gathered into a 0 dimension point and it creates a big bang, would a universe be created (with space time, etc.)?
I m a 12 th class student from humanities stream and is really interested in Computer science? What can I do?
How did Romeo and Juliet die in \"Romeo & Juliet\" and what's the importance of the \"Romeo & Juliet\" play?
Detroit Bankruptcy: Why not restore abandoned tracts of property to farm land? Doing so could make the land productive, create jobs, and make the land valuable again. If and when Detroit ever regains population, farm lands can be redeveloped again to urban and suburban land use.
I thought vodka was supposed to be colourless, odourless and tasteless. How am I supposed to be able to choose good quality vodka to drink?
The Blacklist (TV series): What was Raymond Reddington's relationship with Sam Keen and what secret are they keeping from Elizabeth?
What is the difference between host and server in terms of computer networking?
I need good reliable reference for proofreading and editing a book? Can someone help me with good options?
Some people know how to give less priority to the things which make them sad and they seem to be happy always. The other kind experience all emotions in life with equal priority and they aren't the happiest people on Earth. Which track of life should one pursue to have a meaningful happy life?
Why does my cat sing and meow at night right when I go to bed?
I am on an H1B visa and based on the new rule I am planning to apply for an EAD for my spouse who is on H4. What would happen to my spouse's EAD application if I change employers and transfer my H1B to a new employer, (which also means my spouse will get a new H4) before the EAD is approved?
Is it possible to be an introvert and an extrovert at the same time?
If you attended Thacher School, can you please explain the pros and cons about attending this school?
Why did Harry never try to detain and question Draco in Harry Potter and the Half-Blood Prince?
Do software engineers at Google learn and use popular frameworks and stacks, e.g. Java EE, Spring, Django or use mostly internal frameworks?
What is the effect of demonetizing Rs 1000 and Rs 500 on Dawood Ibrahim?
How much is a membership to Anytime Fitness and how does this price compare to other workout gyms?
I`m looking for a university which I can take English as Second Language (ESL) as major and get undergraduate degree with less than 120 credits
What are the most interesting products and innovations that General Mills is coming out with in 2016?
Is it worth going to a music college and take out a 50K student loan?
What would a Scorpio ascendant, Leo sun and Leo moon come off as?
What is the 1st law of thermodynamics and what is an example?
Lets not forget Muslims islams and Christians all believe in same God?
What are the best job portals for posting freshers and skilled positions in India?
What is the difference between string args [] and string [] args in Java?
My girlfriend is going away for two weeks and I'm worried about cheating. How do I get over this?
Do you agree that comedian Leslie Jones is not funny and that she's weak, remember the scandal on Twitter?
Why don't we use the hydrogen and oxygen from the air to make water?
Why Donald Trump is famous, whereas the people hate him, and what are your foreign policy?
Will my scores of 321 for the GRE, 165 in the quantitative section, 156 in the verbal one, 96 for the TOEFL and 3.0 for the AWA affect my chances of admission into the top schools for an MS in the US?
Why do the British call mathematics \"maths\" and the Americans call it \"math\"?
What would happen to UK military if Scotland and Northern Ireland become independent states?
With a 1st class BEng in the UK from a Russell Group and top ten university for my program, can I get into relevant top ten M.S schools in the U.S?
Why do people accuse Trump of being racist and then call his supporters stupid/uneducated? Isn't that racism too?
Is Xavier Institute of Management and Entrepreneurship, Bangalore a good choice for an MBA?
What happens when I add the banner to page A and page B - both on my site.
When choosing a start-up to work for which would you pick? (imagine you have to pick) One with a strong, respected board and investment team or one with a product that you absolutely love and believe in? And why?
What is Peter Thiel's fellowship? If I am applying for that and might win it, then what if I want to complete my graduation?
How much is the salary/compensation enjoyed by Sultans of the states in Malaysia? What other benefits and privileges do they enjoy from their respective state?
What are the main issues that public property developments face, and how do the needs for such developments in California differ from Louisiana?
Can I get into NIT if I get 86 marks in JEE Mains and 95.2 percent in the CBSE Board exams?
What is a beaker diagram, and what purpose does it serve?
How do I get the best weapons and equipment in Fallout 4?
I'm aiming for CAT-2016 & I have back in few subjects in engg and I want to drop 3 subjects, will it be a problem during interviews in top B-schools?
How should a company protect its proprietary database of customers and prospects when sales reps and account managers can link up in social media, then solicit by simply changing their status when they work for a competitor?
Can Trump get a National Security Clearance and if not will CIA Briefings still be given to him?
I am a manufacturer of ladies leggings in India. I want to sell my product i.e. leggings online on snapdeal and one more site. Could anyone guide me how to promote my product online so that I can get good sales and how to make good images of my product?
My roommates keep cleaning my room and stuff, it sounds good, right? But for me it is privacy invasion.
I don't have a perfect 6:6 eyesight. My prescribed power for reading and watching screens is +3.5. Would I be eligible to join the Indian Army?
What is the equivalent of Indian Administrative Services in developed countries like the US, and European countries like France, Germany, Switzerland, Sweden etc.? How are they selected as compared to a Indian system of civil service exams conducted by UPSC?
Is this article describing india and indians accurate? Are indians so status obsessed, brainwashed, and fanatically patriotic?
I currently own a iPhone 6s Plus and everything works fine, what's the benefits and incentives to upgrade to iPhone 7 Plus?
I am 18 1/2 years old now and I want to join the Indian police. How can I join?
What are the hot topics in marketing and branding at the moment?
4 men and 6 women can complete a work in 8 days, while 3 men and 7 women can complete it in 10 days. In how many days will 10 women complete it?
What were the major contributions of the political leaders during WW1, and how are the compared to the ones during the Russian Civil War?
What are the convinient possible ways to get an LMIA/ Offer letter and eventually PR having 2 years of experience in Non-IT, B. Tech degree in IT?
How do I celebrate my mom and dad's 25th anniversary? Mom and dad stays in different cities and dad may not get a leave on the same day.
Can someone with ADHD and or ADD fall in love with someone else?
Why is Mohanlal in the world top actor? Our Pawan Kalyan and Tamil superstars Rajinikanth were considered. Why?
Criminal Law: Will a governor granting clemency be worth the time and effort to obtain it when the crime is not expungeable?
What Amazon web service do I need if I want to just store and stream high file size content such as video for my website?
I purchased a power bank from e bazaar Ninja and have been cheated. Has anybody else had similar experience ?
What is difference between real self and ideal self? How psychology is related to it?
Which one has a better future: NIT Jalandhar industrial and production engineering or RGIPT chemical engineering?
I would like to get the formula to split up amounts in a excel cell and paste it in another cell after certain characters.Cell A contains 1+2+3?
Do you agree with oedipus complex and electra complex actually happen in reality?
Which countries once invaded Philippines and committed atrocities to Philippine people in the past 200 years history?
What is the difference between a policy rate cut and a reserve requirement ratio (RRR) cut?
Why is Arvind Kejriwal opposing scrapping of Rs500 and Rs1000 notes scheme by Modi government?
Better country to live and earn for an Indian - Germany or Sweden?
What was it like to be a member of the Skull and Bones with George W. Bush?
When was the hardest period in your life and how did you get through?
Why do some Muslims always blame the Jews for the Islamic terrorism and never try to introspect their own religion and beliefs that motivate people to commit such atrocities?
Which image editing Android app has layers and masks? (Similar to Photoshop for desktop and Filterstorm for iOS)?
Why do I talk too much with close ones and less than enough with new people?
What is the basic difference between legal and illegal? Who creates such differences? Is it related with personal interest?
How can I recognise a mindful person and can I notice when I'm being subconsciously mindful?
Am I a bad person if I say I have no sympathy and no empathy towards people whom I envy?
What is the economics of recycled paper production and its advantages over paper produced from trees?
My father was working as principal in a aided college and he retired in 2007,how can I check his pending financial amount?
How does one single photon behave as both a particle and a wave, or always as a particle?
When I log in in my Facebook account it say to me and error massege sorry someting went wrong?
Why does the Indian Army kill dogs and horses if they are unfit?
Is it really impossible for a man and a woman to be friends?
I have an approved H1B Petition filed from company A. I have not yet traveled (I am in India) and its not yet stamped. Is it possible to use the approved petition for visa stamping for another employer? If yes- what is required and how can it be done? Can I get a contact who can help with this?
What is the area of current science specialization, teaching focus and research of Huma Abedin mother, Saleha Abedin?
Where can I get audios or videos with California and New York accent? I mean, people saying the same thing, but pointing out the differences.
What are the merits and demerits of Modi's ban on 500 and 1000 rupees note.?
Who should we call to diagnose and fix the water damaged hardwood floor?
What is the relationship between machine learning and either philosophy of mathematics or epistemology?
I really like a younger guy. I know him through his work and we are both quite shy. We laugh and flirt a lot together. How do I know if he likes me?
How do epileptic celebrities deal with media events, and the flash photography that go with them?
How were leptons discovered, and what was the importance of them?
How do I make my brother engagement and marriage very special?
I want to start a software company in India. How shall I plan and start that? Currently I work as IT project manager.
In Instagram, people keep showing up as people I am following. I don't know them, and my account is private. Am I missing some setting somewhere?
Write the meaning of the following homophones and use them in sentence: cite, site and sight?
How would people with DPD and NPD interact in a relationship?
Why do so many people post questions on Quora that could be easily and thoroughly answered by simply typing the question into any search engine?
Who has started using ASP.NET Core and what are your initial thoughts?
How much would it have cost to have a documentary film crew record the goings-on in and around a small workplace for ten years as in \"The Office\"?
Can I claim my educational qualification points if I am applying for the Australian PR and carrying out my skill assessment through CDR pathway?
If two cards are drawn without replacement from a pack and one of them in heart, what is the probability that second is the ace of hearts?
Why does Haiti keep French (alongside Haitian Creole) as an official language and doesn't switch to English (and Haitian Creole)?
How should I plan honeymoon package to Phuket and Krabi in November 2016?
Will humans ever learn to put religion aside, and start actually 'coexisting?'
What is the utility behind removing Rs 1000 notes and rather introducing Rs 2000 notes in order to curb black money?
Is the income from taxi aggregator services like Uber and Ola in India taxable? If yes, do the owners/drivers have to pay the tax from their own pocket?
I want to learn a new language. I am an ETL Developer. I am pretty good at SQL and SAS. I have been using Teradata and SAS for the last five years. Which new language should I learn and why?
How do I stop myself from overthinking and making scenarios in my head that are never going to happen and go to sleep easily?
I have never taught my son about Santa. He's asked if Santa is real and I've told him no. Should I worry about him \"ruining it\" for other kids at school?
Can I get a ten-eleven LKH package in mechanical engineering from BIT Sindri? If yes, who can be the recruiters and what max can I expect from BIT Sindri if I work really hard and smart?
Why am I afraid of roaches? If I see one, I can't do anything and keep thinking about it (and its big family)?
I currently run 52 seconds on the 400 meter race. I am 16 and in 10th grade. Would it be possible to get 48-49 seconds by this time next year?
I want to become a super hero like kickass and hit girl, can you point me in the right direction? (Please Read Description)
How do the growth team tactics compare and contrast on Instagram vs Facebook?
How do you balance taking notes/filling up your memory and talking to people during conferences?
Is it possible to hack into Aadhar card database and get full information about a specific person?
My boyfriend just told me I have chubby legs. I've been on a diet and I work out a lot and don't know how to make them thinner. What's an advice for me?
How do the teachings, learning, followership and/or fellowship of Christianity project, propel and propagate the master-slave ideology [un,sub] consciously?
Which countries participated in World War II and how did they participate?
Is there a tab on expenditure by owners in BPL and La Liga like there is in ISL?
What are the products formed from phenol and concentrated sulfuric acid?
What characters from Game of Thrones and Harry Potter are the most similar?
What is the difference between a MIS and a MBA? How is the course structure different?
Has all the water in the world travelled down ever river in the world and been to the bottom of every ocean/sea?
What is Controlling Person Tax Residency (CRS) and which are the countries applicable for it?
I am going to invest in real estate for the first time and need some home buying tips, can anyone give me best advice?
What were the impacts of social and religious reform movements in the 19th century?
Good mornIng frIends, I m plannIng to buy a styIish and a performance BIke at present I have two optIons PULSAR RS 200 and SUZUKI GIXXER SF SO?
You have one hour to live, and time for one question to be answered honestly and fully by anyone alive. What would you ask, of whom, and why?
My ex destroyed me. One of my best friend stood by my side. Now they went together on a trip and now they are friends. I feel betrayed. What can I do?
Are there any summer internships in or near London? I'm an electrical and computer engineering student and I am also studying web development on Udemy
What weapon(s) can an Indian citizen lawfully buy and carry for personal protection?
What are the differences between using baking soda and bicarbonate of soda? When are they applied?
What if the universe was a computer program and our perception of free will was simply an illusion, and our lives were just 0s and 1s?
DO you think leftism is lost in India (or for that matter in the world) in its true sense and the right of the center is becoming new left?
I want to buy a printer which can print and scan. Which one should I buy: an inkjet or laser?
Give the idea for kanyakumari, madurai, rameshwar and tirupati? We 15 people going for this tour so plz give suggestions
Buying Facebook likes and Twitter followers , is there a true and real risk?
What's the difference between piece dyed and yarn dyed knit fabric? Is one better than the other?
How far the answers on Quora are correct and to trusty to believe?
Why is the glass ceiling for an educated and experienced woman in law enforcement so hard to penetrate in 2016?
Is India able to defeat China and Pakistan together if there is a war?
What are the supernatural elements used in the poem The Rime Of The Ancient Mariner and how do they add to the events that place in the poem?
I have a hard crush on the boy next door since 1 year, We have never talked.I am in 10 std and this is posing as a distraction. What should I do?
I've been depressed my entire life over my lack of wit and creativity. How do I recover from being speech-delayed in my early childhood?
Does anal sex feel good for a woman and can she orgasm from it?
I know some Python, HTML, CSS, and JS, what languages should I learn next?
Why has the government increased the service taxes and burden the people when it is in the process to bring out the GST and reduce the disparity of taxation?
Operational vs marketing vs Health etc. Which is the domain to choose and concentrate that helps in a long run in the field of analytics in India?
I am considering buying processed cardamom directly from planters in the neighbouring state in reasonable quantities and selling it to restaurants, food suppliers and shops. What is the license type required for this business, transportation across states, etc., in Bangalore?
If you're 15 years old and have an IQ of 136 is that normal?
How do I know if the site called movietv.to is a legit site or not? They are charging a fee and not sure if it is a scam. Has anyone heard of them?
What is the identity function and what is an example of it?
Can non-Tamil Nadu students get admission into CEG and Anna University in B.Tech?
In a few months I'll be graduating with a master's degree in electrical engineering (DSP and Radar) from South Africa. How difficult is it to find a job in the UK and what salary should I expect?
What are some of the best sulphate and silicon free shampoos and conditioners for curly hair available in India?
What were the Roman provinces and when did they dissolve and into what?
How can you treat and remove the bags under the eyes?
Is there any software update available to reduce the heating problem in Redmi 1s and Mi3? If so can someone provide the steps to get the update in the phone?
Would it be illegal to sell digital goods from authors without informing them and then giving them 100 percent of the profits generated in sales?
How do I prepare for the GD and PI for IIM A PGP FABM?
What is the difference between a rotodynamic turbomachine and a positive displacement type turbo machine?
Is America likely to go to war with Syria, and by extension Russia, if Hillary Clinton wins the election?
Which countries have been invaded by a foreign force and have stabilised the country and turned it to prosperity, especially in modern times?
I am too addicted to online games. How do I get rid of it and play it only in my leisure time?
Advise Only (company): What are the Pros and Cons of setting up a business in Sharjah?
What are the most common traffic convictions in Arkansas, and how does the severity of the convictions differ in Illinois?
How can I calculate the risk free and the market risk premium of a company?
Other than being exiled why stay here in the U.S. when there seems to be a system and group of people that don't currently like Arabs?
Is there any idea for a new and useful mini project in computer engineering?
What is the average CPC and cost per full view of YouTube pre-roll ads?
Just for fun-What is the time and what is the weather where you are right now? I think this would be interesting and fun. Maybe it will enlighten others if their weather is crap, and yours is good and they read it, for a second they have to feel enlightenment as they picture your finer weather! Let's see what happens?
In what language did Marc Zuckerberg code Facebook? From where did he buy the domain name and did he host the website from his own computer?
Which is a good inpatient drug and alcohol rehab center near Madison County FL?
Rdio recently opened in India. But with Rdio shutting down and Pandora acquiring it, will Pandora expand its service in India?
Which is the best site to post my business blog and integrate with all traders worldwide?
Is there a time come when the people of India and media reject pseudo secular view?
How many times during a 24-hour period does the minute hand and hour hand of a 12-hour analog clock form an angle of 180 degrees?
Why is my nipples puffy and how can I get rid of it?
This guy I haven't talked to for ages (I still think about him everyday) talked to me again. I really like him, but he's a bad boy and a lot of my friends say I'm the one girl he cares about, but I'm not sure. He gets nervous near me. What do you think I should do?
Which is a suitable inpatient drug and alcohol rehab center in Randolph County GA?
Do the terms of the Joint Fundraising Committee established between the Trump Campaign and the RNC allow the RNC to withdraw funding from Trump?
What are sentences which compliment and insult a person at the same time?
Person obviously does want me to get freckled of last chat and has blocked me how do I hack into his WhatsApp?
How would scrapping Rs 500 and Rs 1000 notes affect inflation?
What is the actual mileage of a Suzuki Gixxer? What are the pros and cons of owning one? Is it worth it?
How much energy is saved by turning off the lights and fans when not using a room?
What would the world do if India and Pakistan go to war?
Can I sell my used Sony point and shoot 18.2 Hd camera to a pawn shop?
What are the similarities and differences between the teachings of the Bible and the Quran?
Who are some lesser known important historical figures of Chad and what should people know about them?
What made you want to be a computer engineer and how did you prepare for the career?
What are the strongest majors in terms of job prospects and what are the weakest majors at Kalamazoo College?
Why most celebrities are promoting Rustom and are not promoting Mohenjo daro?
What do you think about the theory that Jon Snow and Daenerys Targaryen will fall in love and Jon will be the king of the Seven Kingdoms and it will be the end of GoT?
How should I ask a question on Quora and how do I get the answer?
Computer Architecture: Can an FPGA be used to simulate and verify a special-purpose hardware unit?
How was Jayalalitha buried and not cremated being a Brahmin by birth?
Could a bipartisan impeachment of Trump and Pence happen? Could it be likely?
What is the difference between living and non-living things at molecular level start to emerge?
Bq s37 running on Android 4.4 KitKat.I forgot the pin and forgot pin is not showing when typing wrong pin multiple times why?
How do you transfer files such as movies and pictures to PS4 from a computer?
How do you finally make a decision when your mind endlessly spins out and you cannot choose? (Possible struggle with PTSD/ depression involved)
Which dogs are genetically the most similar and the most different to wolves?
Can I use Ola/Uber without Mobile Data - say I order from my home wifi and then no internet while I am travelling?
Hello guys, actually I went to goa last week and I saw one girl and I know that she is looking for me too, so how do I find her?
What's a day in the the life of a Hollywood producer like and how does it compare now to when you were just starting?
What is the academic pressure and workload at Missouri State like?
Is it worth going to a college if it is cheaper and easier to work if you go online?
What are Java SE, EE, Java2 etc. and what are the differences among them?
How far is Ganpatipule from Chiplun and how do the tourist attractions of these compare to Thane's?
Would apologizing for the Hiroshima and Nagasaki bombings be a smart diplomatic move for the US in 2016?
Consider yourself a client with two families and you want to built a house near River, What would be your functional requirements?
Can you suggest me some work from home jobs? (I don't know coding and I need some genuine easiest job suggestions)
I want to adopt a grown up German Shepherd in the house. How best and quickly can I get him socialized with members of the family and still keep him as a guard dog?
Which is a suitable inpatient drug and alcohol rehab center in Henry County IN?
Will Washington DC expand in size in the next 20 years? Isn't DC a little too small and that the district should incorporate more nearby land?
Why do people want to work for Google and Facebook rather than Apple and Microsoft?
After a handful of dates, guy doesn't text much, waits till night to text and takes hours to respond. He does continue to ask me out. Is he into me?
Was putting the Time Turner in Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban a good idea?
Should I take AP physics 1 and 2 before I take AP physics C?
Can eating junk foods and fast foods affect my mental health?
What are the most interesting products and innovations that Saga Communications is coming out with in 2016?
At what age are you too old to listen to dubstep and similar electronic music?
What are the difference between \"p namespace\" and \"c namespace\" in Spring framework of Java?
I am in high school. I had a crush on my ex-girlfriend which she took it as a friendship only, and when I told her I loved her she broke up with me. I want to get her back but she has dumped me many times. What should I do?
Why aren't the stars endorsing fair & lovely and all those useless products facing the same problem as the stars who endorsed Maggie?
What are some misconceptions, and truths that are believed about Iran?
Which is the best big data and hadoop training institute in Bangalore?
What are some few good ideas for organising town and planning an event for technical festival?
What is the monthly salary and other facilities of an IES officer?
How did Singapore universities (NTU, NUS) become world-class and climb up the university rankings in a relatively short time?
Only 7 hours left for my biology board 12th exam and I dont know anything. How do I score maximum marks?
How can you argue that ancient Indian educational, research, political, legal and healthcare systems were better than the modern Western-liberal democratic systems?
If Congress and the president fail to agree on raising the debt ceiling, and interest rates are forced up and the economy is forced into a recession, will that help or hurt Obama's chances of re-election?
Where can I learn music production on evenings and weekends for affordable rates in Goa?
What is the best software for time tracking and invoicing for consultants?
What is the difference between software and hardware cache coherent schemes?
How do I remove stubborn sun-tan on face and neck? I grew up in India and my face and neck are a lot darker than rest of my body.
Where download new 70-461 VCE dumps and free 70-461 PDF dumps with new 70-461 exam questions?
Why are leasing agencies, able to rent out apartments with horrible conditions and not be held accountable for it? There is a huge problem in Georgia.
In a modern tank, is the auto-loader better than having a human loader, and a crew of four, rather than three? What advantages does an auto-loader tank offer to an army?
In a war between the United states and the whole of Africa who will win?
What are the benefits of green jasmine tea, and how do they compare to those of Autumn tea?
Uber (company): What will Uber's market cap and stock price be when it goes public?
How do you distinguish between a \"consequentialist\" and \"non-consequentialist\" moral theory?
What is wrong with my knee and whats the quickest way to fix it?
The prime factorization of intezer N is A x A x B x C, where A, B and C are all distinct prine intezers. How many factors does N have?
What is the fastest any US Army officer been promoted to major, and how quickly can you possibly climb the ranks in the Army?
I have to improve my communication skills, but I have only weekends and 2 hours (7pm-9pm) in weekdays, what would be the best possible way?
Where is the best place online to upload and host private family photos?
If Stonewall Jackson had not died after Chancellorsville and had been at Gettysburg, how would the battle have turned out?
When you study and you've just finished 1 project over the summer then returned to studies and work, how can you feel revived without going on a holiday?
What is the best country to pursue MS in MIS? I've completed my B.Tech and I also have a work experience of 2 years.
What happens when I take an Uber or a Lyft ride and I don't have the money to pay for it?
Can you give me an advice for a very unusual and meaningful baby boy name?
What is the symbolism of the UK flag, and what is the origin of the flag?
Is there any Indian celebrity and foreign celebrity who looks similar?
Is it hypocrisy, when Pakistanis say they consider minorities as equals and yet support militants in Kashmir driving away Hindus from the Valley?
Why does Quora think sensible answers come only in paragraphs and a simple small sentence or picture does not convey more than a long lecture?
I'm gay. I'm a web developer. I drive a motorcycle, and I don't own anything of value that I could sell but I'm pretty resourceful. I live in Los Angeles and I need  dollar 1000 really quick. Recommendations?
My periods are 12 days late for the first time. I took hpt twice and it came negative both times. Also we used protection. Can I be pregnant?
If an artist drew people in the style of a Disney cartoon and then sold those drawings, would they be violating Disney's intellectual property?
Astrology: How compatible are a Taurus Sun, Capricorn Moon man and a Pisces Sun, Taurus Moon woman?
I want to increase my body weight. My age is 21 and my weight is 50 . Please provide a good food diet in order to increase my weight?
If I have someone blocked on Instagram, and view their story, can they see I viewed it?
What a great diet to lose weight fast and not make you hungry or keep on measuring portions?
Is the press obligated to honor Brad and Angelina\u2019s request for privacy in the aftermath of their divorce
Why are giant stars red, and smaller stars white or blue?
I freeze whenever I'm in a confrontation or an argument and I can't think of anything to say until later. How can I fix this?
What are the main differences between top strategy consulting firms (Mckinsey, BCG, Bain) and internal Strategy groups within industry/corporations?
What are the applications of mathematical differentiation and integration in day to day life or in the engineering field? Why are we learning it?
Will the demonetization of 500 and 1000 legal tender enable the govt. to unearth black money?
Why is it that entertainers like actors and musicians tend to be liberals?
Can preparation for the SSC CGL and IBPS PO be done simultaneously?
What are the strongest majors in terms of job prospects and what are the weakest majors at Marist College?
What is the constitutional validity of a PM making the announcement and invalidating the currency notes of  rupee 500 and  rupee 1000?
What do you recommend for a durable and cheap beginner airsoft pistol?
Can a man keep his penis and have surgery to get a vagina?
What is a concentration gradient and what is it used for?
What are the best job fairs near Brooklyn? When and where are they held? What were your experiences at them?
How do I pursue a career in drawing, photography, and writing, as they are my interests and I'm mediocre in these areas?
How can I tighten my body and get rid of tummy/belly fat?
How do I be sure that my best friend still trusts me and wants my presence in her life? How do I cope if she doesn't believe me to be her best friend?
If terrorists strapped fake explosives to you, gagged you, glued a trigger into your fist and left you in the middle of a city, how would you survive?
My cousin's Facebook account has been hacked. The hacker has changed his email ID and password and even security question. Is there any way to recover his account?
Can you get high by touching a weed nugget and then licking your fingers?
What song goes \"turn it up woah oh\" and its really upbeat. Not by oh land or anything like that?
If you found out someone you love is avoiding you because they're insecure and feel you\u2019ll reject them, how would you make them feel okay?
I am expecting a score of 411 in NEET and I want to take a drop. Can anyone give some strategies to study?
In a hypothetical ideal world where humankind has no problems and we understand all the mysteries of nature, what will drive scientists and engineers?
My period was due 4 days ago and has not come. Can I be pregnant?
Can we drop some devices playing videos in North Sentinel and try to teach the people living there?
How can you compare and contrast a rice cooker and a slow cooker?
Can I make a visa to canada and live for my own?
What are the pros and cons of Acuvue versus Air Optix?
I dreamed of finding 3 snakes in a basket, set the basket aside and the snakes start coming out and I killed them. What does this mean?
If I upload a video on Instagram, copy the link and post in on my fb wall, are views goona count on my Instagram too, when is played on my fb?
How can I edit a UTM link? (I created it and would like to change the name of it)
I am a Taurus ascendant. In the 12th house there is Mars, Sun and Saturn. Moon is in Sagittarius. How good or bad are these planets positioned?
Harry Potter has two best friends, Ron and Hermione, who is a better friend and why (I have my own opinion on this one, just curious)?
I am a Civil Engineering student and want to write a research paper. How should I start?
What is the academic pressure and workload at Rhode Island College like?
Every time I start my PC startup repair starts and its not able to repair it .I tried to boot from USB but its not working. What to do?
What was the significance of the battle of Somme, and how did this battle compare and contrast to the Battle of Penang?
Is there any man here who would fall in love with and marry a physically handicapped girl?
Why some girls stare at boys and never talk to them?
How Gullu's kitchen survived in colleges as there are only 3-4 semesters and reading vacations as well as other local competitiors?
Davisco Whey Protein WPC 80 has 200 mg of cholesterol and 200 mg of trans-fatty acid per 100gm, is it harmful?
What are some local laws in regards to nudity in Vermont, and how do they differ from nudity laws in Minnesota?
I'm so awkward when meeting new people and when I sit with someone my mind goes blank and cant think of anything to talk about, how can I change that?
How do I track a car using color detection and blob detection? What are the steps I need to follow?
What happens to the conductivity of the semiconductor and a metal when temperature is increased?
Presently (2015) how many articles, parts and schedules are there in the Indian Constitution?
How do I edit sports videos and post it on youtube without copyright infringement?
What is the history of Telugu kingdoms and people of India since the pre-historic times till the 20th century?
What are brain waves and how can I simulate brain waves?
What are the strongest majors in terms of job prospects and what are the weakest majors at Elon University?
What are any significant differences between M. tech and M.E, if any? Which one is more suitable if one wants to go for a lectureship?
I recently started an acro class and I'm the worst! Everyone there is more experienced and now im afraid to go to class. Help?
How could I know more about people's thinking and ideas without interacting with them directly?
What is the difference between a standby and understudy on broadway?
What does it mean when a guy usually texts you at night, when he is bored and tells you about his hobbies, what happened with him?
What is the academic pressure and workload at Bellevue University like?
What is the academic pressure and workload at Smith College like?
If n is inversely proportional to m and if n=3.5 when m=2, find the value of m when n =5?
I cant sleep at night. I wake up till 8 am and read books in the meantime. Any solution?
Game of Thrones Season 4 Episode 2 (The Lion and The Rose): What did Bran see in his dream?
Why are men forced to dress in restrictive outfits like the tuxedo, simple tops and pants, while women can wear relaxing sporty outfits?
Am I going against net neutrality when I enable my WiFi hotspot and keep it open but allow only some websites/domains to be accessible?
What were the major contributions of the political leaders during WW1, and how are the compared to the ones during the Second Congo War?
Why is it important for researchers and scientists to publish their work?
What is a suitable inpatient drug and alcohol rehab center near Clark County ID?
Can I divorce my American husband and still keep my green card?
How do the teachings, learning, followership and/or fellowship of Islam, project, propel and propagate the artificial intelligence and/or alternative reality?
My parents are from an A positive and O negative blood group. How does this affect my blood?
What were the major contributions of the political leaders during WW1, and how are the compared to the ones during American Civil War?
Which are the most reliable, high bandwidth and cost effective plans for home Internet Connection (WiFi/LAN) in Gurgaon?
I'm 5'9 at 14 years old. My parents are 6'2 (dad) and mom is 5'7. How tall will I get?
Where can I found a large range of formal and evening wear in Gold Coast?
How do I fill the given name and surname while applying for passport in India?
How would your views on the death penalty and appropriate punishment for crimes change if there were proven to be an afterlife, and possibly ghosts?
How do I balance the need to be comfortable and push myself out of my comfort zone?
Who are some lesser known important historical figures of Germany and what should people know about them?
Have you read \"The Power of Now\" by Eckhart Tolle, and if yes, do you find the content of his book relevant to yours (even if remotely)?
What are posts on Quora and how do I create one?
How do I master a song with clear and loud sound in FL Studio?
What is the difference between an IT company and a software company (or industry)?
Could you please recommend some media and cultural consumption PhD research topic for me?
How do you manage to study and be a topper and yet manage to have a life?
Why does India provide billions of dollars in aid to countries like Bhutan, Afghanistan and Bangladesh, when 400 million of its own citizens don't even have toilets?
How is the movie Kapoor and Sons ( Since 1921 )?
Can somebody be pansexual and identify as bisexual at the same time?
What was the average life span of a person in biblical times, and how old were Jesus's disciples reportedly at the time of his death?
Is there a 3rd party way to access to mobile service providers like Airtel and Vodafone's account balance? Say I setup a dialer tune website online. Can I deduct from the caller's mobile balance directly in India?
Is it true that Salman called Tanmay Bhat and threatened him after AIB roast?
What is the scope after the SSC exam and the pay scale after completion of my B. Tech?
As I was knocking on a door at a house in Sunnyvale, CA, the homeowner came out from the yard and said, \"I could shoot you right now, what do you want?\" Could he legally have shot me?
For those using Jade, what are the cons and pros of Jade over HTML in production environment?
Now that JOSAA has denied all speculations regarding the conduct of spot round by it and has left the decision on CSAB for the same. Will CSAB do so?
Why does a player get three or four tennis balls from ball boys and choose two among them for serve?  What is that they look for in selecting the balls to serve?
What happens if high pass filter and low pass filter are connected in series?
Do Indian men like Indian women who smoke, drink and are open about sexuality in general?
Who are some lesser known important historical figures of Uzbekistan and what should people know about them?
What is a good explanation for the interaction between biotic and abiotic factors in an ecosystem?
What if I started pokemon go and want to catch pikachu now?
Would TCS also follow Vishal Sikka (Infosys) and take away the dress code?
What is the appropriate and correct dosage of Bactrim for dogs?
Is there any problem if my education is with OC and now I got the central government job with OBC reservation?
If 2 sides of a triangle are described by 2 vectors a and b, how does one work out what vector defines the third side?
What next for Indian Sports after Rio 2016? Shouldn\u2019t we decide our goals and targets for next Olympics to be held in Tokyo 2020 ?
I had a dream that my cat gave birth to 7 kittens, she gave birth on my bed and two of the kittens grew a little bigger then the 5,what does it mean?
How do you manage bugs and UX issues on your app?
What are the differences between Chinese commercial dining tables and western commercial dining tables?
Why is my Westie's skin turning black and how can I make it stop?
What's the difference between a PhD doctorate in the west vs \u201cCandidate of Sciences\" and \"Doctor of Sciences\" in Russia; \"\u041a\u0430\u043d\u0434\u0438\u0434\u0430\u0442 \u041d\u0430\u0443\u043a\", \"\u0414\u043e\u043a\u0442\u043e\u0440 \u041d\u0430\u0443\u043a\"?
Should I take AP biology and AP environmental science at the same time?
What is the best inverter AC to buy at a price lower than 50k and greater or equivalent to 1.5 ton?
Is there a difference between Consumer Packaged Goods (CPG) and Fast Moving Consumer Goods (FMCG)?
Why do I feel light headed and shaky after working out?
Why were all the predictions and polls so wrong regarding Donald Trump\u2019s election?
CANADA FSW | Score: 410 (IELTS: 8.0) - Myself, wife and baby - no blood relative in Canada - no Canadian job offer in hand | CHANCES for FSW/ PNPs?
What are the differences between the XBOX One and PS4 version of Elder Scrolls Online?
I've heard that people in the IQ range of 130s are capable of \"moderate literature\" and PhD in \"soft sciences\". I have an IQ of 132 and want a PhD in Astrophysics. Should I look into other jobs?
What is the area and circumference of an oval and how is it derived?
Am I depressed? For about the past 2 months I've been feeling quite alone and in my own world, I feel like I can't speak to anyone. I worry about the littlest of things and now this as well. I also worry that I'm overweight. Am I being stupid thinking I might be depressed?
If I had a period for 2 days and a half can I still get pregnant?
Can my period be 2 months later and I not be pregnant?
What is the story/reason behind Rock fans and metalheads keeping long hair?
Riddle: What has roots that nobody sees and is taller than trees? Up, up, up it goes, and yet never grows.
What exactly is a bank bailout and how do banks end up needing one?
Working on a self-funded startup. How can I attract investors and others that will take the site (circlehubb) to the next level?
How much do Arnab Goswami and other notable Indian news anchors earn?
When did Putin become a public person, and what was his \"rise to fame\" like?
What's the scope of digital marketing in India and from where can I learn digital marketing in Delhi?
I am a fourth year student of BA LLB from India, and I have one year left for graduation. I want to study LLM abroad. What should I do for that?
What precautions one must take before and after removal of the gall-bladder through surgery and for how long?
Why there are more number of females and less number of males in russia?
I sprayed perfume all over my room and i\u2019m inhaling it.
Is it true that all the cute, smart and beautiful men are either bi or gay?
What are the causes of lyme disease and how is it treated? Can it be deadly?
How come the rich are getting richer and the poor are getting poorer?
How do I learn something new and important from every person I meet?
In the Indian Civil Services, can we do only the interview in Telugu and Mains in English? Does giving the interview in Telugu give any negative impression?
What are the transaction fees of swiping debit and credit cards for purchasing in India?
What is the difference between pressure force and elastic force? What does pressure exactly mean?
I have an offer from Musigma and Polaris Financial Technology. Which one should I choose and why?
What are good tutorials for learning segment tree and BIT structure for ICPC? And what are good problems for practice?
If the leader of an orchestra wasn't around and someone got up there and started to BS hand movements, how much would it throw the orchestra off?
Is there a way to \"safely\" and legally \"train\" into becoming a penetration tester?
Is it safe to have chicken and milk together, or one after the another?
I suck at programming and can't get a job what should I do?
How do I set a full photo as a homescreen wallpaper and a WhatsApp profile picture without cropping it in Android?
Which screen size is preferable and more comfortable: 5\" or 5.5\"?
What is a transistor and how does it work in layman's terms?
T.I.E.T to Thapar University to Thapar University Institute of Engineering and Technology. Can anyone explain this shit?
Which is a good inpatient drug and alcohol rehab center in Bryan County GA?
What is iTunes Store error 5002 and how do you resolve it?
In which battles in Middle-earth did elves and dwarves fight together on the same side?
As a new grad software engineer with offers from Google and Facebook, should I negotiate for base salary, RSUs, or a signing bonus?
How can India be a secular state and a Hindu state at the same time?
Where can I get good quality and cheap whey protein in India?
Is it better to take a loan and buy a car or save and buy one?
Is it possible to ride cycle to office every day.. to and fro 13 km.. Any tips which cycle is good to buy...?
I heated up a tinfoil pan with a plastic lid in the oven. I realized and removed it, it was crinkled up real small. Ok to eat?
In atmosphere, there is both oxygen and hydrogen present . why can't we able to produce water by using it?
What is the equivalent resistance between A and B? All resistors are equal resistance.
Is it safe to give my dog a baby aspirin and how often should I give it to him?
How do I fetch data from database and show it in a table with edit, delete and add links with each rows in drupal?
What is the difference between BSc course in computer science and Diploma in computer engineering?
Are you considering leaving the USA if Hillary is elected, and if so, where do you plan to go and why?
Does Singapore have the capability of invading and colonising its neighbouring countries like Indonesia and Malaysia?
My 6 month old likes Gerber in carrot flavor but doesn't like carrots I've cooked and blended for him. How do I make him like it?
Who are the prosecution and how does a witness help them in court?
What is the maturity of IT and software development in South america?
Explosions in space: If a space vessel were to explode due to collision or by means of assault, (and given that atmospheric conditions and the lack of gases such as oxygen are influential agents) what kind of aftermath would we really see? Would we see explosions as we do in sci-fi films?
What is the study of civics and economics important for students?
What are the differences of the somatic and autonomic nervous systems?
I want to send data from HC-05 to Intel Edison BLE. I am not able to understand after pairing and connection how to read the incoming data on BLE?
What would you change about business and society in order to benefit Introverts?
What is the difference between an accelerator and an incubator for startups?
What is meant by \"complete dominance\" and what are some examples?
How do I do business with companies of Saudi Arabia and UAE? We are professional LV-switchgears manufacturer in China.
Is there anything I should know about accepting donations and giving some of it to charity? Should I know anything from a legal, tax, or other view?
What Curious George books did Margret and H.A. Rey actually write? Are any of them still in print?
Which is a suitable inpatient drug and alcohol rehab center in Montgomery County IA?
I'm moving to England from the US for graduate school in a couple of months. What should I bring with me and what should I buy there? And what is the best way to get my stuff over there?
What is the difference between realize and realise? Can it be used interchangeably?
Sleep: How do CEOs who sleep for only 4-5 hours daily manage to function and run multi-million dollar companies for years?
Why am I obsessed with tracking my progress and improvements on Prozac?
How can we compare New Yorker, The Atlantic and the American Scientist as a magazine for the reading public?
Lost education certificates and not possible to re issue how to apply for passport?
Inside a wire there is a blue and black wire. Is the blue wire positive?
How is the chemical formula for titin determined, and how does it compare to that of actin?
What will be the effect of banning 500 and 1000 notes on people having money in Swiss banks?
What is the difference between simple interest and compound interest? Can you give 3 examples of where each one would be used?
A crew team rows a boat at a rate of 20 km/h in still water. In practice on a river, the team rows for 30 minutes up the river, and then for 30 minutes down the river. The speed of the river current is 1.5 km/h. How long did it take for them to return to the starting point?
Which novel would you suggest to improve vocab and \"reading comprehension\" ability for CAT?
Is it necessary to learn data structures and Algorithm very well before starting software development?
Which is a better option between Hathway, Airtel and TATA Sky in bangalore for digital TV?
Why do people, most of the times, end up becoming what they never wanted to and are nowhere close to what they always desired to be?
Is it possible to have Narcissistic, Avoidant, and Dependent personality disorder all at the same time?
Would it be wrong to root for the Capitals and Braves in their respective sports?
Do Eating soaked soya chunk is fine for workout and Do they looses some protein if soaked?
Does time pass differently for Voyager 1 compared to Earth as it has left the solar system and doesn't have as much gravitational force acting on it?
What particular problem(s) were attempted to being solved as Java was founded and consequently built as a result of pursuing solutions to those problems?
Can you have an hourglass body shape and have small breasts/butt?
Who makes the final decision on which questions and answers are in the Quora Weekly Digest?
Where can I buy the photo of Los Angeles city sign and wildfire in the background that hangs in the office in TNT's \"The Closer\"?
Does medical insurance in the universities of Canada, the USA, and Europe cover medical conditions like hemophilia and thaelessimia for foreign graduate (PhD) students? What is the medical insurance cost to get these diseases covered?
If society stopped assuming peoples' gender from their bodies, and gender stereotypes no longer existed, would trans people still want to transition?
If the US didn't have two term limit for Presidents, and Obama was to run a third time, would you still vote for him?
Who will win between Hiei from YuYu Hakusho and Uchiha Sasuke from Naruto?
How can I get Pandora to add more variety and not play so much of the songs I have given a thumbs up?
Who are some lesser known important historical figures of Myanmar and what should people know about them?
How can one identify primary and secondary intermolecular forces between molecules?
When does political correctness become lies and free speech become hate?
How can I gain more clients to grow my SEO and Web Development consulting business?
What are the requirements to be considered for the United States Air Force and how do these requirements compare to Germany's?
I'm 21 , 3rd year of Bcom and I just dropped Ca. What should I do?
What is the difference between Indian engineers and European (or American) engineers?
I am a BCA final year student. I have scored 42 percent marks in high school and 64 percent in intermediate. Will IT company recruit me?
If on an average a person loses 100 hair strands per day and there are 7 billion people, where does all the hair go?
Why is my iPhone so slow all of a sudden, and what can I do to make it faster?
How do I lose fat from thighs and hips as soon as possible?
What is the difference between mass and weight? How do you measure each?
What are the pros and cons of American, Canadian, and dual citizenship?
We have been in a relationship since a year. Now he says he does not love me and does not feel like talking to me. How should I save my relationship?
My WhatsApp web is not working. I'm using the Chrome browser on my Windows 8.1 laptop, and the internet speed is decently good. I opened web.whatsapp.com and the QR code doesn't load up at all. It just keeps going round and round. How can I fix this?
I want to know that my laptop have graphic card onboard and dedicated then while gaming which graphics should be used?
I am doing my MBA from prestige college. Is there any chances of me of going abroad and find good job? Which Country Is best For Indian MBA?
In a fight between a grizzly bear and a silverback gorilla, who would win?
Why does light pass through glass but not through things like iron, gold and other things? What makes something transparent?
What are the different computer languages an electronics and communication engineering student must learn which can be helpful later?
How far have African Americans advanced socially and economically since the Civil Rights era?
If you find out that someone who you thought was genuine and friendly has been mocking you behind your back, how would you behave towards them?
With a steady decrease in fuel price and in inflation rate in India, why is the Rupee value not appreciating?
What are some of the most clever techniques and tactics used by snipers?
Do parents in 2016 have different hopes and standards for their sons than for their daughters?
Do you think Indian governments decision to demonetize the 500 and 1000 rupee note is a sudden action?
How can you turn a black and white photo into a color photo?
How do I backup a Lumia phone's app, history, contacts, and messages all in the memory card to restore it into another Lumia mobile?
How wise is opting M.tech in Aeronautics (structure and design) after my B.tech in Civil Engineering?
I missed my period for over a month and should I be pregnant?
I see myself one way in the mirror and another way in pictures. Which way do other people see me?
What are the different types of taxes that a common man pay in india? How and why did these taxes came into existence?
Why is writing an essay so damn hard? I have to write a cause and effect essay\u2026it's about my brother being introduced to weed?
What is the historical background of Chinese workers in Australian gold mines, and how does gold production compare to production in Indonesia?
I feel paranormal whenever I sit down and try to study. What should I do?
I have an H1B visa. Can I start a business online that includes a website and YouTube? Can I register it in my home town? In case it is possible then where should I pay the tax for it?
Can I chant Gayatri Mantra (13 times) in the morning while starting my day and Mahamrityunjaya Mantra (13 times) at night before going to sleep? Will this work?
I'm a 16 year old high school student who has a complex and tragic life story. I've had horrible events, traumas and psychological torture for a long time. I can't get over it. I lost my passion and I really want to disappear. Is there any way to survive in life?
What epigenetic codes besides methylation and histone modification exist for DNA?
Why am I not losing weight if I'm eating low carb, high fat, and moderate protein at around 1,000 calories a day?
If you had unlimited money and time, what would you do and why?
What do you say to a colleague who just became a new mom and is leaving the job to take care of her kids?
I'm babysitting for 30 year old and I think she wants to have sex with me and she's married and I'm only 16 what should I do?
What are the different kill counts of beings and things in the Star Wars universe?
What is a sickle cell anemia and what are its symptoms?
What are some of most interesting and unknown facts about Shah Rukh Khan?
Can anyone suggest GIS materials (books, journals and articles) to read as well as sites I can visit to get these materials at a free rate? Thank you.
I want to invest in some fund that has minimal risk and regular returns. Any suggestions?
What is the difference between Python scripting and object-oriented Python sevelopment?
Where do Congressmen and Senators live when they are in DC?
How will demonetisation of 500 and 1000 notes affect on property rates?
What are the most notable cast changes between season 1 and season 2 of The Man in the High Castle?
What exactly is Yelp and how can Yelp help grow my business?
How can astrophysics calculate weight, temperature, and materials that exist on other planets that are a million light years away?
Where is the best place to stay to combine partying and adventure day trips for a bachelor party in Costa Rica?
What are the strongest majors in terms of job prospects and what are the weakest majors at Idaho State?
As someone from India, can I call my mom and sister to the USA to stay with me after I get a job over there?
Which are the major highways in California and how are they compared to the major highways in Texas?
What should you take into consideration when driving from Brooklyn to Staten Island, and how does it compare to driving from Brooklyn to Queens?
If we take 1 cubic meter of water from the deepest part of the ocean and bring it to the surface, how much will it change in size?
What are your biggest mistakes and learnings from building a startup?
Which is the best cult movie in Bollywood and why? And what can we learn from that movie?
What is the difference between MAKE IN INDIA and MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN?
Will Pok\u00e9mon Sun and Moon only work with the New 3DS console?
I am a automation tester with 3.5 yr of exp. I have chance to change my profile and work as DevOps. Is it good for my career?
What does your last name mean and where does it come from?
Should I set a Short Bio and Topic-Specific Bios? Why or Why not?
How is the future and job market of Hadoop in India?
What are the most interesting products and innovations that QTS Realty Trust is coming out with in 2016?
What is a suitable inpatient drug and alcohol rehab center near Candler County GA?
I am CMA & done distance MBA, I have 14+ years experience, how do I improve my comm., mgmt and other skills to make mself capable fr higher positions?
What is the purpose of data and name node in hadoop?
What are some ways to edit a song and upload it on YouTube without getting a copyright infringement?
What is it like to be an Indian student and get your US Visa rejected?
What is the difference between the right and left side of the headphones?
What is the process of getting a job in the Railways and get posted to RCF Kapurthala?
I forgot my Gmail password and email password. How can I log into Gmail?
Does Google track search activity and read emails to show ads?
The quote 'Seeds Of Its Own Destruction' has been applied to empires and politics; in some cases to large companies. Can it be applied to every new startup?
What impact do the differences between the House and the Senate have on policy making?
i asked girl to be my girl friend and she always reply that i will think, what does it mean?
What is difference between web analytics and digital analytics? Which one is best?
What should a vegetarian do if some disaster happens and there is no vegetarian food available (eg. middle of sea, desert, etc)?
Can you make a spherical mirror, and if you can what would it look like inside?
Have anyone experienced a moment and thought that the exact moment has happened before?
Why do I get angry at small things and feel really furious?
I did a mistake in filling my period of stay details while applying for reissue of passport and the police verification report was given unclear,ans?
What are the effects of calcification of the pineal gland and can it be prevented or reversed?
Why do people spell 1990 as nineteen ninety and not one thousand nine hundred and ninety, but say two thousand and ten for 2010 and not twenty ten?
What is the work done by friction and gravity in moving an object up the incline?
How is machine learning as a specialisation in M.Tech. and what are some research topics in this domain?
What is the difference between computer science engineering and information technology? What is better?
Algorithms: Are there any widely used crowdsourcing sites where someone can place a sub  dollar 1000 bounty on a mathematical optimization problem and have experienced people compete to find the most efficient method of solving the problem?
A friend of mine accidentally dug rock formations and man made metal and a seem to be water trap. How to tell if there is treasure borrowed nearby?
What will Trump do , if a non-US national, which got asylum and collaborates with FBI, is kidnapped and transported out of US by a foreign state?
I bought a Samsung Galaxy Note 7 two weeks ago and have had no problems. Should I participate in recall?
What is the best country to pursue MS in MIS? I've completed my B.Tech and I also have a work experience of 2 years in UHG (.NET)
Is it all right to ask people why they followed you if you have no prior connection to them and they didn't even upvote or comment on your answers?
What are the strongest majors in terms of job prospects and what are the weakest majors at Bradley University?
What is a suitable inpatient drug and alcohol rehab center near Dallas County AR?
Where can I get free fire safety and audit inspection service in Sydney?
Why does the x-axis shrink whereas the y-axis expands and then vice versa as a gravitational wave passes?
What are the most interesting products and innovations that McDonald's is coming out with in 2016?
How do the holy scriptures of Hinduism compare and contrast to those of Italo-Roman paganism?
Should I buy the petrol or diesel Maruti Baleno and which variant (alpha, zeta, delta or sigma) should I buy?
Does the deaths of Romeo and Juliet bring the families together?
How comparable are the American Patriot and Russian S-300/400 missile systems?
What are the rules and regulations when visiting an inmate at Valdosta prison and how does it compare to prisons in Florida?
How important was recognition to scientists and inventors who are considered geniuses today?
Can 10 TFT screens with 600x400 resolution be connected in a series and controlled as one panel of 600x4000 resolution?
Mexico: What are the fundamental reasons that so many Mexican citizens want to leave their country and come to the US? How do their circumstances differ from Canada for example?
At what point could CRISPR be applied to living people and what are the limitations of applying that to adults vs. at conception?
Were Julius and Ethel Rosenberg framed and subsequently murdered by the US government?
What makes you happy and puts a smile on your face?
My employer has told me that we can not accept tips. However, they make it seem like we get paid minimum wage so they can offer us insurance. In reality we are 100 percent commission based and they total commission then deduct the hours worked x minimum wage from our commission wages to offer the employees insurance. I there a law that states that they \"by law\" can not tell their employees that?
What is difference between 'space' and 'place' in architecture? Can we make a space into place?
How do I take 360 degree photos/videos and upload them to Instagram?
What are some of the the best designers and brands for men's suits?
What is the best way and ingredients to season ramen noodles?
What are the best sites to buy Custom and Branded T-Shirts in India?
Close you eyes for 10 seconds and then after 5 seconds imagine someone is going to try and stab you with a pin\u2026 Where do you put your hands?
Does WhatsApp Web work even if the computer and the phone are kilometers away? Is an internet connection the only requirement?
What's a good book to learn 9th and 10th grade math fast?
How do I prepare for the BITSAT and JEE Advanced simultaneously?
Currently, I am in class 10 in an ICSE school and I wish to study medical. What board should I select in +2 (ICSE/CBSE)?
I have an idea in my mind, but to implement it I need a good programmer (Android and HTML/PHP). I'm still a student and I don't have a lot of money. How can I approach the programmers?
My wife cheated on me for 8 months. She was flirting with 8 men at a time and in serious affair with 2 of them. I caught her & now she claims to be honest. Should I trust her?
Being 17 years old, if I run away and am not found until I am 18, will I have legal trouble?
What do I need to learn and do to build my career in data science?
Why is diamond a good thermal conductor and an excellent electric insulator?
We put n balls in p discernable boxes. If balls are discernable, and every box can receive any number of balls, how do you find combinations if every box can receive only 1 ball at most?
How much should be my percentile and score in AIMCATs at this time?
What are the most interesting products and innovations that Twitter is coming out with in 2016?
If universe expansion create more gravitational dark and vacuum energy without limit?
Can anyone give a simple explanation for LDA input and output? What does co-occurrence  mean?
How do I deal with frequent mood swings and is that normal or not?
Food Service Industry: What are some tips and tricks for servers to increase their tips?
Do people with ADD/ADHD tend to talk a lot more and get lost in what they are saying? How can they control this?
What is the shortest and longest bones in a human skeleton?
Who are some lesser known important historical figures of Libya and what should people know about them?
My parents are applying for a super visa. I have provided a written financial support letter and an invitation letter. Since I am responsible for their entire expenses, do they still need to provide an amount?
How can I become a travel agent and what are the perks?
How does contributing code to Open Source projects help you develop your skills and ambitions professionally in a corporate job?
For class 12 physics board preparation, is it safe to follow the syllabus and leave the topics out of the syllabus?
How can I stop getting distracted by hot females and video games to focus on my schoolwork?
What is the importance of automation and digitization in the banking sector?
I just smoked a cigarette after 4 months of quitting it and I feel horrifically guilty. What should I do?
Why are we, as a species, so obsessed with intelligence and in rating people based on their perceived intelligence?
I can't imagine my life without him and that makes me feel weak and depend, how do I stop my thoughts?
How can you promote aims and goals to achieve our aspiration?
If early Earth's water came via comets and meteors does our Moon and Mars also contain an equivalent amount of the same water?
Is there a benefit for my hair and skin if I shower in filtered water?
What is the difference between the M16A1 and the M16A4 assault rifles?
What does the public think about mandatory seat belt laws and what are the current laws and enforcement techniques in Alaska?
How much does a portable card swipe machine cost in India and how can I obtain one? Can I carry it around in my bag to get payments?
What is the importance of education to the United States and how are their views of education different from Denmark's?
What game should I play and can games make me potentially smarter?
Is it ok to have sex at the age of 13, because it just happened and I feel weird\u2026? ( btw im a boy )
I am only 17 years old. I am having hair loss and greying of hair. What could be the possible reason and how can I promote hair growth and black hair?
How many years from know with there be no Apps or Programs interfacing you and your device because of Artificial Intelligence personal agents?
What is the difference between the small signal and large signal operation of a BJT?
What was the relationship between Gilbert Newton Lewis and Irving Langmuir (both chemistry geniuses)?
I lose all hopes from life, career and relation. I feel depressed and there is nobody who appreciate me. What should I do?
What are the specs and price of O+ USA Alpha Plus 2.0?
What is a one person company and how to register it?
What towns are located near the Kilauea, and how does this volcano's activity compare to the volcanoes in Italy?
Is it safe to travel to Kurdistan (Iraq) at this time, and if so, could you do it via a private vehicle (we have our own car)?
If you are to quit your job today and start a business of your choice, which business would it be?
My boyfriend is being undergrounded by his parents even at the first month of our rs and its been 3mth without communication, shall I keep waiting?
What is the Best IDE for java; Netbeans or Eclipse and whats the difference between these two IDE' s?
I smoke marijuana. Morality aside, my antipsychotic attacks both the serotonin and dopamine receptors and severely blunts the physical effects. Why?
If all humanity ceased to exist, what one book should you take and read to rebuild civilization? Why?
I just came up with the idea of starting a sustainable business, as in selling the service and installation of energy saving systems. Is it a really hard business? What pros & cons could I have? What can I do to achieve this goal?
Can I connect my PS3 to my laptop and use it as a screen?
What happens if you accidentally follow someone by accident, someone you have blocked, and unfollow really fast from the person you have blocked?
Who was the real Sherlock Holmes and how similar is he to the fictional character?
How does the monitoring and editing of questions and answers on Quora work and how is this not censorship?
What are the #hashtags to get more likes and followers on Instagram?
What are some unusual aspects about politics and government in Switzerland?
How can I be more intellectual and have more intellectual conversations?
What are some ways to lose belly fat and ONLY belly fat? (besides going vegan).
How can I make my own website and earn from downloads?
What were the origins of the first languages and what were these languages?
Is there any master's degree/program where I can get knowledge from all the fields (not necessarily all, but interdisciplinary) and after graduating be able to apply my skills to any industry in the future?
On my (Moto E) Android phone, I get a \"Unfortunately, (apps) has stopped.\" message, and this happens for most apps. How do I solve this?
Which is a suitable inpatient drug and alcohol rehab center near Moultrie County IL?
Find the equation for the line that passes through the point (\u22122, 0), and that is parallel to the line with the equation 2x + 4y = \u221214.?
What if the asteroids that killed the dinosaurs was a UFO and we, the humans, are the aliens?
I have no birth certificate, Social Security card, or ID. I need my birth certificate and ID card, but I need a Social Security card and ID to get a birth certificate. Where do I start?
Why doesn't China stop Ganga and Brahmaputra water from flowing into India and divert them towards its own arid regions?
Can you disagree with what the Bible says and still be a Christian?
Which is a good inpatient drug and alcohol rehab center in Irwin County GA?
What is it like flying from Bangkok to Manila and how are these touristic cities compared to Tehran?
How can you prove that the path of a point which possesses two constant velocities one along a fixed direction and the other perpendicular to the radius vector drawn from a fixed point is a conic section?
What is a good inpatient drug and alcohol rehab center near Floyd County GA?
My family and other friends judged him for acting gay.I do love him and so does he love me. What should I do?
What was the significance of the battle of Somme, and how did this battle compare and contrast to the Battle of Smilevo?
What is the difference between IBPS PO exam and RBI Grade B exam? Also what are the selection procedures and which is better?
Shouldn't India extend voting rights to non-resident Indians and include them in the country's democratic process?
Could the American Civil War have been avoided and slavery abolished without so much bloodshed?
How do I get HDFS bytes read and write for Spark applications?
Which is a suitable inpatient drug and alcohol rehab center near Boundary County ID?
I have given 2 attempts of PTE exam and in both attempts I scored very low in spelling and grammar. Can someone help me with any tips to improve both?
I have Yuphoria handset and when I use UC Browser and open fimywap then scren apear 2 virus deducted . and phone is viabrate also. what can I do?
As a U.S. green card holder, would I be able to travel to and from Canada by land using just my green card?
Out of 7 consonants and 4 vowels how many words of 3 consonants and 2 vowels can be formed?
Pianists: Where can I play a grand and/or upright piano, besides at churches? I am unable to buy one, and I would love to be able to play one daily, if possible. I am willing to pay a fee to do so.
What are the procedures for applying passport in India and Singapore tourist visa for Tamil Nadu state government employees?
I have been living in the USA for the last 15 years, but I'm thinking of coming back and settling in Bangalore. Is it a good decision when it comes to uprooting 11- and 8-year-old girls?
Is my phone hacked or something? I got signed out of some apps last night and am getting SSL errors everywhere. My phone was working fine until now.
How do I play music on my Android phone and stream that on my Windows 8.1 laptop?
How do I save all files and folders in a directory to notepad?
What is the best structure for a paper about how a user experiences IoT so far and has knowledge about the wonder world of The Internet Of Things?
What is the history and meaning behind Mexico's coat of arms and the Mexican flag?
What is the difference between cumulative distribution function (cdf) and distribution function? And how can I use them to compute probabilities?
I am a second year chemical engineering student and am about to visit a pharma industry for IV. What are the things I am supposed to know?
What will be the present position and situation of India, if British will not rule India?
What are the pros and cons of being a girl in India?
I'm constantly seeing people compare programming languages, talking about their pros and cons. How long does it take to get to that level?
Can I do articleship if I pass in group 2 and group1 3 papers except in accounts paper of IPCC?
Which is the most costly city in terms of food and accommodation between Delhi, Hyderabad, Mumbai and Banglore?
What are the settings to be checked to resolve the \"Uncaught exception: null\" error that occurs when LDAP is ON and does not occur when it is OFF? Are there any LDAP related discussion forums?
How do I get admission to the School of Planning and Architecture in New Delhi?
What is the best way to learn generics and collections in Java?
What are the defects Islam has as a religion and why is it always referenced as a cult? Please support your answers with facts only.
What does it feel like to be less attached to someone than they are to you, and then (later on) more attached to them than they are to you?
If you've already been at a job for a while, what's the best way to learn the names of various people you frequently see and say hi to somewhere in the halls but don't actually know the identity of?
What is the best way to compare and contrast mitosis and meiosis using a Venn diagram?
Why do we feel better and more confident when we wear shoes?
What is the difference between the philosophical inquiry and scientific method of inquiry?
What are some main differences between Amazon and eBay regarding their business strategy?
My ex boyfriend sends/texts me lots of kisses and I think he likes me again. Should I send kisses back?
What is the best way to research and evaluate your competitors on Amazon?
Which biblical figures, are Mazikeen and Amenadiel from the show Lucifer based on?
What is Quoras financial plan, and will they become a pay site?
My girlfriend doesn't introduce me to her friends and hides the fact that we are in a relationship. What does this suggest?
What is a good inpatient drug and alcohol rehab center in Lee County FL?
What is the last number a human can count until and after which we say the number is infinite?
Can Instagram users see who and how much times someone viewed their story?
What is the meaning of torque and power in a car in layman terms?
What are the best types of places to conduct surveying and public consumer smell testing of essential oil blends without paying demonstration fees?
What are the requirements to become president in the United States and how are the requirements different in China?
What do I do after creating my niche website and putting affiliate links on it? How can I make it show up on the search engines?
Who is the most powerful and dangerous villain in Marvel Universe?
How can gas comes out from a lake and kill hundreds of people just like lake Nyos in cameroon?
Can a housewife get the same freedom and respect as much as a working woman gets (from her in-laws)?
Is it possible for me to lose body fat percentage and gain some muscle without going to the gym?
How do I show I want to hook up with my moms friend? He's 35 and I'm 16. He's given me a foot massage before and we always stay up late together talking and watching movies since I stay overnight a lot.
What is the Personal Property Security Act and how is Nova Scotia's different from New Brunswick's?
What's the difference between cat 5, cat 6 and cat 7 Ethernet cables?
I love my girlfriend. She has always been there for me, but lately I have just wanted to be single and have her as a friend. We have been together for 2 years and we started college together. Can these feelings go away or should I do something about it?
What was the production of artwork intended for in Hawaii and how is it compared to the one intended for in Washington?
What are the environmental impacts of the tourism industry and how does it negatively impacted Turkey?
Use of hot air balloons in sports and meteoroligical observations is an application of which gas law and how?
What are the differences between flax oil and flaxseed oil? How are they used?
I want to play Kyouran Hey Kids! On Piano, but I can't find good classes and I tried to be self taught, can you please help me?
Is there much of a difference between taffeta white and orchid white in Honda cars?
What are some of the best ways to learn and improve self-control?
What are the various Incarnations of Lord Vishnu and what is going to be the last Incarnation of Lord Vishnu?
What are the strongest majors in terms of job prospects and what are the weakest majors at Colorado College?
What is the difference between sore throat and strep throat? What causes it suddenly?
Is it compulsory for a Web designer and developer to have a strong UI/UX skill?
Am I addicted to my job? If so, how can I break it and approach work more rationally?
What are the strongest majors in terms of job prospects and what are the weakest majors at Luther College?
What's it like for 2 people to decide to become the father and mother of children together including raising the children but not get into a relationship?
Am 22 year old guy from India am not settled and see no future, what do I do to earn money ?
What are some dark, gory and violent animes with a good plot?
Recently recruiters have been calling me and hung up before I have had the chance to answer the phone. Why do they do that?
If there is one person that you could kill and get away with it, who would you kill and why?
Why do native speakers say certain thing in a short and concise way, whereas non native speakers use more words or longer sentences?
Can the human brain operate like a universal Turing Machine using the universe as its infinite input/output tape and thus be able to confirm or reject an infinite amount of memories?
What are the most amazing, creative and useful in the daily life Android apps ever?
I have 20 thousand dollars and want to start a business what are some options?
How can I share an idea with a business partner and make sure that person does not steal my idea and plan of execution? How do I protect it?
How do I cleanse my house of the smell of cooked food, air fresheners and opening windows only works temporarily?
I am coming to meet my girlfriend who lives in kolkata and we are planning to stay overnight in some hotel. How do I get some good and safe hotels?
Why is the relationship between a father and a son always complicated?
I hold Masters degree in Computer Science Engineering and my work profile is in ERP. I want to explore accounting. Am I eligible to enroll in CA?
How do Google salaries compare to Microsoft, Facebook and Amazon for software engineering positions for PhD graduates?
Which is better phone Le Eco Le 2 and Redmi Note 3 (3 GB) for use in India?
I liked a friend's post on Facebook by mistake. I immediately unliked it and deactivated my account. Will they get a notification? And what if I activate my account again will they get a notification?
What are the \"Round Robin\" and \"Knock Out\" formats of sports tournaments?
Who is Wormtongue? How could he influence and harm the King of Rohan that much?
What should I do if Instagram is asking me for a security code and they didn't send me any text messages?
What is the average length and girth of the average dildo bought in America and worldwide? What does the distribution of length and girth look like? How popular are very large and small ones?
How similar is the level of AIATS of Aakash Institute and AIPMT? If I get a rank below 500 in AIATS, what will my rank in the AIPMT be?
If Donald Trump becomes president and orders Mexico to build his wall, would his threats work?
I want to move to Canada. What are the pros and cons of each province?
Why would it be bad if science and medicine made us never age, and live healthy forever?
I am currently in class 11th (commerce) and I want to work in Google so how a commerce student can get into Google and what post I can get in google?
If Hitler allowed his generals to plan freely and listened to their advice, how would WW2 have been changed?
How can I do excellent in the GRE Verbal section with 5 days left for the exam given that I am strong in the Maths section and have appeared for the GRE earlier with 302 overall (161Q/141V/3.5AWA)?
How much do U.S. broadcast television networks spend annually in advertising their own shows, and through which platform (TV, Internet, billboard, etc.) do they spend the most? How does this compare to cable network expenditure?
What is the difference between the JEE Main and the JEE Advanced in syllabi and books?
My father's height is 5.9 and my mother's height is 5 feet. My height is 5.3 and I am a 17 year old male. What is my projected height?
How can I have a fat and disproportionate body like and still find work?
I have 3 years experience as an android developer in Samsung India and a year gap after that. What salary should I expect to have a job in USA?
I have a mesomorph body. I want to look extremely lean and chiseled. Would it be correct if I begin a cutting regimen for 6 months?
Is there a research TaskRabbit type site where I can find and pay someone to compile a list of mobile phone accessory retail distributors?
What should I do if I forgot my password for Instagram and used a fake email to make my account?
What do you do when someone criticizes you and you just don't like it?
Is there a good book or website about fitness for older men? (I'm 58, and badly need to get much more fit than I am in order to deal with my health.)
I have a business idea, but no finance and I need investment/ loan to start a foods and beverages manufacturing company. How will I get funds?
If you used to be a terrible person inside, and had extremely bad thoughts, but you changed everything about what you thought and the way you were inside, at what point can you finally say it's in the past?
Is Quora considering allowing the \"block\" function to hide users and anything they post out of view under any circumstances? Why or why not?
What is the best 30-day meal plan with recipes and grocery list for healthy, yummy, and fairly simple meals?
What is sensex all about and how to understand the stock market?
How do I go about creating a device and an app that streams live video over wifi to an iPhone?
Why don't we artificially produce ozone and use it for the purpose of healing the earth's ozone layer?
Why do the major pressure belts and winds shift pole wards during summer season?
What are the mathematical prerequisites for learning and improving upon the theory of motives proposed by Grothendieck?
Why my mobile keeps running out of memory if I save all I can in SD card and I am NOT installing any more apps? .I have a Samsung Galaxy Grand Prime.
How can I download tweets that contain a certain keyword, and tweeted between certain time period?
What is the political, social, economic and cultural status of women in rural areas of Amazon?
How do I decide which army to train and which strategy to employ for a Clan War attack in Clash of Clans?
What are the most interesting products and innovations that Berkshire Bank is coming out with in 2016?
On applying the equal force on the thick and thin wire if the same length in which wire the more frequrncy will be produced and why?
Why do we have dreams and usually forget them the next morning?
How would you structure an email offering a company 10 free ideas for improving their business, and how would you ensure it reaches the right person?
What are some important black and white symbols used in the world? How were they designed and why are they important?
What are the key differences between a businessman and an entrepreneur? Which one has higher success rate?
Do you believe in free will, and if so/not, then why?
Are there any jobs/careers which require knowledge of different and diverse fields, for example artificial intelligence and quantitative finance?
What does it feel like to be a mother who has Asperger's Syndrome and has a child or children who do not have Asperger's Syndrome?
Intel 8085 Microprocessor: Where can I get problems and solutions online for memory and I/o interfacing in 8085?
Why do most of the leaders who acquire power for domestic development and reducing poverty and inequality go for foreign policy adventurism?
What are the differences between mitosis and meiosis? What are the similarities?
Why can't we see the far side of the Moon and why doesn't the Moon spin on its axis?
Is there any application for Windows Phone, which analyses the SMS and creates the expense sheet, like Walnut application in Android?
I have sent a message to a friend through messenger and the status has gone from read to delivered, why?
What is the sum of all prime numbers p and q, which satisfy the equation: p^2 - p + 1 = q^3[/math]?
What is the difference between the HTML tags  and ? Are there HTML 5 corrections?
I've lost my desire for relationships and dating, is this normal?
What is the difference between dividend and growth in mutual funds?
Do aliens really exist and do they live on Earth with us?
What are the strongest majors in terms of job prospects and what are the weakest majors at Suffolk University?
Can I invest in the stock market if I am 14 years old and have a parent/child bank account?
What are the basic child support guidelines from Kansas, and how do they compare to those from Louisiana?
What government will do with old 500 and 1000 rupees notes when these are of no use?
I want to see the night sky with tall the stars and galaxies in it? I live in India what is the best place where I could observer this?
How do I create a Google Sheet script that uses data in cells as inputs on a site, and then imports data from site? Ex: aminstitute.com/headline/
Is 50 percent equity fair for a CTO role for a startup with no rev, funding, users and a poorly designed prototype that I have to redesign and develop myself?
How do I deal with a verbally and emotionally abusive sibling?
I'm a .NET developer. How fast should I run from this stuff and what would be the best language to learn to secure a new job?
How can I become an Amish? What are pros and cons of becoming one?
Where is ROM located in a computer, and what function does it serve?
What is the maintenance (insurance and periodic service) cost of a BMW X1 model in India?
How do you write a program that asks the user to input 10 integers and then prints the largest odd number among them using only if and while statements?
How is the Jewish belief in the ascent of Elijah to Heaven without dying similar to and different from the Muslim belief that Jesus did the same?
Lets say that Roman Empire somehow avoided collapse and survived to this day, what would it look like?
What can I do if I have been seeing a therapist for depression and anxiety but they decline writing me a letter for an ESA? (emotional support animal)
My girlfriend birthday is on Monday. How can I plan it and make it the best birthday of her life?
How can the Lewis structure of NH2CL be determined, and how does it compare to that of boron?
How can I make website designer and change his line I doing email marketing?
I'm 19 years old and my weight is 50 kgs I want to gain a lot of muscle. What's should I eat and which protein powder or mass gainer should I use?
Do people who drink lots of coffee and tea always have to pee a lot?
What are the effects of banning Rs. 500 and Rs. 1000 notes on Indian economy?
What are the usual stereotypes about Czech Republic and what are your experiences with Czechs?
Did Solomon's Temple and the Ark of the Covenant actually exist?
A friend and I have an idea for a start up (I'm a freshman in college and he's in his second year) is it crazy to put our idea into action?
Where can I learn a brief introduction about SMs and warps in CUDA programming?
Dr upped Prozac to 30 mg 6 days ago but my dating life is terrible and I feel depressed hopeless. Isn't Prozac supposed to help me after over 5 weeks?
I am forwarding email from Yahoo Mail to Gmail and all of it is going into my Gmail spam filter. What do I do?
What is Big O notation and what is it used for?
What is the difference between left join and left outer join in sql?
I'm making a playlist of depressing music and need a better name than Suicide is Plain Bliss. Does anyone have a suggestion?
What should my friend and I do on Saturday if we are bored?
How come US was never tried for crimes against humanity, they bombed in Hiroshima and Nagasaki killed innocent civilians - isn't this a war crime?
Engineering: What are the basic differences between one-way and two-way slabs? Where do we use them specifically?
How are call signs used in the United States military and what do they mean? How does Russia's military compare?
Do you think women should just stick to fitness, figure, and bikini instead of bodybuilding and physique?
I had a girlfriend. She broke up with me because of a simple reason. I love her and want to get her. How do I get her back in my life?
What is a suitable inpatient drug and alcohol rehab center near Bond County IL?
I want to become a programmer and software engineer. What course and degree should I take when I get to college?
How does the human eye and a camera compare and contrast?
What is the academic pressure and workload at the University of Michigan like?
What is the relationship between \"wisdom\" and \"appreciation\"? Could they be dependent upon each other?
What is psychedelic art and what are some examples of psychedelic art?
What are the dangers of taking Valium and Percocet at the same time?
What are the rules and regulations when visiting an inmate at Valdosta prison and how does it compare to prisons in Hawaii?
What is a rat poison that makes them thirsty, and what is the method it uses?
Why is there such difference of prices among different sunglasses, and are the more expensive sunglasses actually better?
I'm self employed in a job that I have grown tired of and I have no degree. What is the best way to get into a different career?
I was talking to a woman on a dating website and she said that her tongue stud would \"make short work of me\" what did mean by that?
Which countries have the most beautiful and the ugliest flags in Europe, North and South America, and in the Middle East?
Who or what inspired the characters Faber and Montag in Ray Bradbury's \"Fahrenheit 451\"?
What is a good inpatient drug and alcohol rehab center in Story County IA?
Why not India merge Jammu and Leh and Ladakh as a new full state?
Why are phone cameras located towards a corner and not the middle of the top edge for symmetry?
How can we ask the media to stop propagating racism, riots and hatred against the president-elect?
What should one choose CSE at MIT Manipal and VIT Vellore or ISE at RVCE Bangalore?
Does the sentence \"By this time next year, I hope we'll both have graduated.\" sound correct and natural in English? I said this sentence to a friend.
If someone was to take all the information in a humans brain, and store it in a USB, how much space would be needed?
Which book should I refer for political science and international relations as an optional for cse mains?
Why are you a Muslim and how did you come to Islam?
How do I wake up at 3 am and what are its benefits?
How do you define three integer variables, and than initialize an array of three pointers that points on these variables in C?
My child is 3 years old. She always refuse to have dinner by herself, and reluctant to finish a dinner quickly even I fed her. What should I do?
Can I volunteer for a non-profit organization as a technical assistance and also pursue my career to work for a company?
Why is the voltmeter connected parallel and the ammeter connected in a series all the time?
Why does Quora staff censor people and censor what people can ask?
What are some unusual aspects about politics and government in Slovakia?
What is the difference of \"Due Care/Due Diligence\" and \"In Good Faith\" with regard to Cyber Security? How do you define \"In Good Faith\"?
Can I use the questions of a book and display it on my website with ads by AdSense?
How do I prepare for the GATE and is coaching necessary or not?
How can I exchange Rs 1000 and Rs 500 notes after the ban?
How do I store a good bottle of port after it's been open and for how long can I keep drinking it?
How much time and money required to design and develop a website that should have all the features and functionalities like foxpush.com?
What is the location of Palawan, and how does this Island compare to Upolu?
Why is Quora full of Bhakts and practically no improvement on ground is visible?
Can I get an MRI with contrast and a bone scan in the same month? Is it bad for you?
What were Peter Jackson's cameos in the Hobbit and Lord of the Rings movies?
Accidentally shoplifted but went back and paid - can I be punished later on?
I have excellent grades at school. I'm a fast learner and I figure things out comparably more quickly than my peers. What kind of prospects do I have?
How can you compare and contrast a netbook and a laptop?
If a woman rapes a man, then she gets pregnant and keeps the child. Does the man have to pay for child support?
How can I legally remix a song and upload it to YouTube?
I don't have anyone to share my feelings and emotions in my life. What's wrong with me?
I need to pee right after waking up and I feel really cold. Why is this?
What areas come under the field of Systems in Computer Science and does program analysis come under the domain of systems?
If a plane contain a and b is normal to the plan containing c and d. then prove that(axb).(cxd) =0?
Who are some of the players in the Premier League apart from Vardy, Payet, Ayew and Mahrez who have performed well so far but failed to garner as much attention? The so called underrated players.
What are the pros and cons of the MKV file player?
I am deeply in love with my boyfriend, but I have cheated on him twice with this other guy and haven't told him. We are all friends. What should I do?
How does a SDE at amazon make time to prepare for the interview and which companies can be considered?
What are the urls to download hindi and other songs in flac format?
Which is the fastest and the best way to learn SAP2000?
Is there a porn movie that has depth and quality in the story?
Have any of your friends and family been abducted by aliens?
Which is a good inpatient drug and alcohol rehab center near Jasper County IA?
What is the HBO series\"Vampire Diaries\" about? Who are the main characters and how do they interact with each other in the series?
I got a call from Thomson Reuters saying that I am selected. They asked me for all scanned copies of documents and pan card details so I sent them in the mail. How much time will it take for them to send me an offer letter?
What are some major differences between white people from the USA and white people from other countries like Australia, Germany etc.?
I want an iPhone because I want to get rid of Android and Windows. Am I an Apple fanboy?
Which are the best colleges for MBA in HR ? How can I apply and which competitive exams should I give?
What would happen if the government decided to only tax us on how much wealth we have and abolish any kind of sales tax (VAT, tariff, etc.)? How would this affect people's behavior and the economy?
If there are no rules in your life for one day and you could be outrageous, what would you do?
I'm going to be in San Francisco taking a course for a week, plus a few days in Los Angeles and San Diego. What are some useful tips from people who live in these cities?
Am I too old to start learning how to program and become a really good programmer?
Where can I get high quality window and carpet cleaning service in Sydney?
Why does it seem like there are so many thin and beautiful women in NYC?
Which fighter jets does the Israeli Air Force use? Do they design their own planes and which countries do they prefer for procuring defense equipment?
Can I crack AIIMS by doing PCM in coaching and biology as self study?
What is the the difference between NRE and NRO account in simple words?
Why might some characteristics from both the dominant and recessive alleles be shown in an organism? And why is this rare?
What are the legal separation laws in PA and how do they compare with the ones in Montana?
Is it possible for a person working in service based companies like CTS, CSC, and Infosys to switch to companies like Adobe, PayPal, and Amazon?
If x\u221dy/z^2, y\u221dab^2 and z\u221db/a then what is the relation between x, a and b? The answer has been given as b^4/a^3. Is that correct?
What were the major contributions of the political leaders during WW1, and how are the compared to the ones during the Afghanistan War?
After I watch any movie I get a sad and depressing feeling. Is it normal?
What is the difference between a data system and information system? Can it be understood as the same thing?
What is the purpose of a resistor in a circuit and how could it be used in a circuit?
How can I get 99 percentile and above in CAT 2016?
Is it true that Shahrukh Khan was jailed in 1994 for threatening and beating a journalist as mentioned in the below old news article?
What is the difference between 16GB micro SD card of class 4 and class 10 his there memory space different?
What is the difference between anarcho-communism and communism (in the original Marxist sense)
What are some tips, tricks and gotchas when using Java 8 streams?
Was Book of Mormon written in mind with Andy Samberg and Seth Meyers from Saturday Night Live?
Why do some people think that separation of church and state is in the United States Constitution?
How do I close an out of date website which still ranks highly on Google and transfer the benefit of its ranking to a similar already existing site?
Which books are best for GATE and CAT preparation for Instrumentation Engineering (IN)?
What are some porn sites that I might enjoy if I enjoy slapping and being a little rough during sex?
Is it OK to wear a long sleeved shirt and tie in Saudi Arabia?
My girl friend is married and still she is like to speak to me. why?
What proportion of words in the English and Spanish languages have a) a synonym and b) an antonym and c) both a synonym and an antonym?
What is the difference between earth fault and ground fault in the power system?
What is the difference between Nirmal Baba and companies ripping off people with their misleading ads?
How can I book movie tickets a day before with ticket codes and pay for the tickets at the show in Chennai?
How will the ban of Rs 500 and Rs 1000 notes affect Indian economy?
What were the characteristics of the feudal system in Europe and also, what caused the fall of this same system?
What is a cell membrane and what is an example of one?
Why are the salaries of Chinese factory workers higher than Mexico and Malaysia, while China's GDP per capita is lower than Mexico and Malaysia?
What is the difference between genotype and phenotype and what are some examples of phenotype and genotype?
I want to clear NEET 2017 without taking drop and without coaching and I'm currently in class 12. Can you give me some tips and tricks?
How does shea butter and aloe vera differ from each other and how are they alike?
Is there a genetic link between intelligence and people that wear glasses?
What is the difference between blocking and rehearsal for a scene?
Do dinosaurs still exist and is it possible to contact and communicate with them?
Did Melania Trump look sedated and miserable at Donald Trump\u2019s New Years party?
What are some new trending hacks and tricks of Android that most people don't know about?
I like to play the guitar. I am very good. I don't like to play shows, however, they say chase your passions. Take what you love to do and figure out how to make money off it, that is how you never work a day in your life. How do I make  dollar 70,000 a year playing the guitar without playing live shows?
How can we manage time between study and relationship and balance both equally?
If the Christian God was all powerful and intelligent, why would he not make it so that we all would be saved?
How strict will the immigration laws be made in US and will it affect an Indian student attempting to go for his Master's?
Can you keep photos in iCloud and delete on iPhone with iOS 10?
Why is Jio join app must for making voice calls and isnt it a restrictive trade practice as one has to give lot of privacy permissions?
What are the differences between the GET and POST methods in form submitting? What are the cases where we can use the GET and POST methods?
What is the easiest language to learn among French, Spanish, and German for a person who knows English?
I didn't kiss on the first date, is this bad and what should I do from this point on?
What are some sites where college students can earn cash or free shopping and gift vouchers just working in spare time?
For the past 2.5 years, I have been suffering from depression. In the past 8-9 months, I could not concentrate on my work anymore and quit. Now in my notice period, I am being terminated on grounds of indiscipline (failing attendance, etc). Will I be hired after this?
How do you know what the little red bugs in your house are and if they are harmful? If they are, how do you get rid of them?
What are the pros and cons of working at D. E. Shaw?
How can I get a job in a renewable and clean energy company?
What is the difference between loving someone and being in love with them?
Why are first sets and follow sets needed in a compiler?
How do I regain my loss hair and make it thicker and strong using home remedies?
How much money does Quora spend per year and what is the breakdown?
I told a girl who has a boyfriend that I liked her, and she says she doesn\u2019t know what's going to happen to her relationship. What does that mean?
Genius and Geniuses: Did any other person have as quick and sharp a mind as John Von Neumann?
In physics, what are the applications and limitations of the parallelogram law?
What are some strengths, weaknesses, opportunities, and threats of owning a Napa winery?
Is it possible to get back the WhatsApp messages and images which were deleted from my phone a year ago?
What does an interest rate trader do and what does it mean to structure these trades?
What do Quorans think of that moment when you finally get a notification and when you open it, it's Quora correcting your spelling mistakes?
What place do morality and ethics have, in the lives of modern and contemporary people?
If you couldn't be an atheist and had to choose a religion, which one would it be?
I introduced my friends to the deep web and things that they shouldn't know, what should I do?
What countries suffer from the most racism and prejudice? Which suffer from the least?
How can one get latitude and longitude through an IP address?
Do you think Kohli is over-rated than Pujara and Rahane in test matches?
What are the differences between Android and iOS? What are their similarities?
How do you add, subtract and multiply positive and negative numbers?
What are the most followed and most discussed Quora topics till 2016?
I have my SAT on 1st Oct so, I\u2019ll get the result by October end. Please tell in how many and in which universities (spring & fall) I should apply to?
What if the \"Date of exit\" is not mentioned in UAN and I want to join other company?
What income is considered as upper middle class in India and what is the percentage of this class in India?
Would vegans eat things like meat and eggs if the animals were treated humanely?
How can one get a job in big MNCs in India and what is the future opportunity in foreign countries for MBA marketing freshers?
Is it okay if I did daily masturbate in morning and night? Any health risk(for boys )?
It's been eight months since my ex boyfriend last spoke to me. He broke up with me and I was still in love with him. Will he ever come back?
I'm applying for a U.S. passport and don't remember some information. What do I do?
What are some unusual aspects about politics and government in Luxembourg?
Does Mycroft Holmes (Sherlock Holmes' older brother) have an official job title and if so where was it mentioned in the series?
One of Snapchat's troubleshooting tips was to \"Uninstall and reinstall,\" I did just that and now all my friends have been deleted, what can I do to get them all back?
What are the best quotations to use in everyday life from \"The Dark Knight\" and in which situations should one use them?
Has anyone attended a British Telecom interview for a PL/SQL and data warehouse requirement? If so, what are the questions for the written and technical interview?
What is the process to get a trademark certificate and a brand authorization letter for a brand in India?
If my boyfriend is in touch with his ex through Facebook, who is now married and has a kid, what should I do: break up or continue to be with him?
If I message my boyfriend and he read my message and does not message me back, should I message him?
What is the boiling point of sea water and how does it differ from tap water?
Is the Mi Band worth buying? Is it useful to get the workout and track the activities done during the day?
Why has weight loss reached stagnancy in spite of me doing exercise daily and following a diet plan, which has helped me lose 16+ kilogram of weight?
How can I identify between BOT girls and real girls on messaging apps like Kik and Snapchat?
I asked the love of my life if he cared for me and he said no. What can I do to forget him and get over the fact that he will never love me again?
Did the aristocrats of the 17th and 18th century really speak as well as in the novels and plays?
How often should I massage my face with Argan oil? Apparently, Argan oil is extremely beneficial for acne scars, healthy/radiant skins and etc. How often should I massage it onto my face before going to bed? Could I maybe use Argan oil one night and then the Liz Earle repair moisturiser the next to achieve a healthy, young and radiant skin? Plz help with answering :).
What kind of exams are conducted for bank jobs and when? How do I prepare for it?
Who are some lesser known important historical figures of Chile and what should people know about them?
What is the difference between exclusive or and inclusive or in discrete math?
I have a friend who keeps telling me he is hungry and has no money to eat. How do I deal with him?
What is the process of buying UPC codes in India and what kind of compliance has to be followed after that? Are the codes offered at ebay legit?
Jobs and Careers: How can I interpret the response, \"Hi __, The team is still considering your candidacy and very interested in you. They are almost about to finalize their decisions and I should have an update for you very soon.\"?
My husband and I have been fighting for half a year now. We don't talk and I filed a case against him. Can we fix our marriage or will it be broken?
What if one clears tier 1 of SSC CGL and fail in tier 2? Do i have to give tier 1 again?
How much marks do I need to score (in both boards and NATA) to get admission in CEPT ahmedabad for B.arch degree?
Statistical Mechanics: Why is the relationship between the Helmholtz free energy and the partition function more fundamental than the relationship between another free energy and the partition function?
I like a girl. She is a freshman and I'm a junior. School has been on for 3 days and I've never talked to her. Should I just go for it and ask for her number, but talk to her a little before I ask? We only have lunch together and she's always with her friends. What is any advice?
What are some of the best work-from-home jobs and where can someone apply?
What is the annual inflation rate and how is it calculated?
The department of corrections lost my medical history was on laptop that was unencrypted and stolen. And I wasn't told until a year later, can I sue?
If a Bollywood movie were made on the life and career of Mukesh Ambani, what would be its opening scene?
On Snapchat, is there a difference between the actions unfriend, block, delete, and remove? Or do they all mean the same thing?
Is it possible to construct a building without foundation and floating it on the air with the magnetic field?
I've been chatting with my Crush, she knows I like her and we seem too get along well, do you think she may like me?
Why is Donald Trump visiting Mexico, and why did President Nieto invite him?
What is the best vehicle combining fuel efficiency and technology for the driver?
How will demonetization of 500 and 1000 rupee notes stop corruption?
Is it true that in a DC motor, increasing Voltage increases RPM and increasing current increases torque?
What is the difference between pressure and kinetic energy of a fluid?
How does the working relationship between MI5 and MI6 compare with that between the FBI and CIA? It seems MI5 and MI6 are amicable and cooperate whereas the FBI and CIA don't share information and jealously protect their turf. Why the difference?
What is the best institute in KOLKATA to prepare for SSC-CGL and BANK PO? I want suggestions from someone who has cleared these exams from Kolkata.
What is the 5th roots of unity and how are they used?
I am a 2nd Year UG Mechanical Engg. student at IITB. Does NASA take interns and if yes, then what is the process to apply (for summer of 2017)?
How can I market my social networking site and get more users to use it?
What are the strongest majors in terms of job prospects and what are the weakest majors at Gettysburg College?
What are some of the good and bad things Obama has done in office?
What is the status of MLM in India and How many companies are listed legally in India?
What happens if someone is elected as President and dies before they are sworn in?
How much caffeine is in Monster Energy and what medical ingredients does it contain?
After the first US Presidential debate between Trump and Clinton, who do you think has the upper hand and why?
Is there any big difference between software analysis and manual analysis in building design?
What is the difference between dual core and quad core processors?
I read a text on her phone and I'm really bothered by it. What do I do?
Which is the latest version of iOS and is it a must have?
Is it possible to score 99.5+ percentile on the CAT and not get selected for IIM - A?
What is data mining and how can it make you rich?
I need someone to pick up a package for me in Ra'anana and drop it off at Karkur. Is there a service I can call?
I bought real estate (raw land) via eBay via bank transfer and have received nothing, what can I do?
Is there any difference between military GPS data and civilians in terms of accuracy?
What will be the phase difference between input and output in a Common Base Amplifier?
What should one see, eat and do in Istanbul for a week?
I am a programmer and I am burned out now. Any tips?
What is the definition of Western Europe and Eastern Europe in context of the Cold War?
Does your undergraduate GPA matter to get an interview call from IIM-A, B, and C once you have more than 2 years of job experience?
What are average raises in Silicon Valley high tech firms for sales manager and director positions? Is it a certain percentage?
I have 90 percent in 10th grade, 87 percent in 12th grade and 68 percent in graduation. How is my profile for any of the IIMs?
Out of 7 consonants and 4 vowels, how many words of 3 consonants and 2 vowels can be formed?
U.S. Citizenship: For an Indian what are the pros and cons of getting a Green Card in the US?
What is the difference between 'excuse me' and 'sorry'? What can I say after sneezing?
How can I see what apps and dating sites my husband uses?
Are there any significant voices in the UK who request to stop funding the royal family and to turn its members into simple citizens? If not, why?
How will the health sector and insurance sector in India after banning 500 and 1000 rupee notes?
What are the advantages and disadvantages of using the metric system?
Who are some lesser known important historical figures of Mauritius and what should people know about them?
What is the difference between structured and procedural languages? Is C a structured programming or procedural language?
Who invented mobile phones and how? When were mobile phones invented?
Is the MacBook Pro still the best choice for web developers and programmers or is the MacBook Air now a better choice?
What are the requirements to be considered for the United States Air Force and how do these requirements compare to North Korea's?
What is Curves International, and who bought it? What are some of its locations?
What is the relationship between insurance brokers and insurance companies (underwriters)? Why do brokers exist as a separate actor in the value chain?
What will happen if we dump all the non-biodegradable waste and radioactive waste into an active volcano or on a direct source of magma (lava)?
What should a student interested in psychology and the consciousness major in college?
I always hear that women are better than men and deserve more respect. Why is this?
How can I allow my client to change the images and text on their wordpress site?
What is the best way to lose weight and not to gain it back?
Why do astronauts have a white and an orange coloured space suit?
What are the advantages and disadvantages of Bank on wheels system?
I have failed social science and science exams will I able to pass in 9 class?
How do I live life constructlively and achieve success in career? While suffering with anxiety and obsessive compulsive and disorder?
Knowing that Python is very slow compared to Java and C++, why do they mostly use Python for fast algorithmic procedures like machine learning?
Why does the human body need sleep and what happens when we don't get enough?
What is the weather in Orlando like on June, and how does it differ from the weather in March?
Do I have a higher risk of diabetes if both my father and grandfather are diabetic? If yes how can I reduce my risk of getting diabetes?
What are the qualifications of Dr.Subramanian Swamy and what good has he done in Indian politics?
What does it mean if my pulse rate is 76, and how does it compare to the pulse rate of a sick person?
Is Rep. Ryan simultaneously campaigning for a house seat and the position of Vice President?
Is there any possibility of any war between India and China over land dispute? If it happens, who will win?
Has anyone signed out of iPhone iCloud and then discovering difficulty signing back into iCloud?
How do I start with writing my first book and selling it online (on Amazon, etc)?
What are some examples of Filipino traditions and beliefs, and how do they compare and contrast to those of Cyprus?
What books & articles covering the topic of Fintech and investment trends in Fintech would you recommend to cover the theoretical part of a thesis?
PQR is a triangle QS, and RT are drawn perpendiculars from Q and R on PR and PQ respectively. How can I prove that the triangle is isosceles?
Does a sitting President use taxpayer money to travel and campaign for his/her party?
What can I do to increase my vocabulary and have a better command of language?
I'm 33 and diagnosed with depression. I don't like my work and I have realised that I made the wrong choices concerning my studies. I too realised (under professional psychologist surveillance) that I am a High Potential Adult with a IQ of 147 and a high emotional level. I'm married, I have two wonderful childrens and a house to pay for. I feel that I'm living a wrong life in the sense that the situation I am in, does not fit me at all other than the fact that I deeply love my family. Did someone ever succeed at changing their life with a similar kind of situation?
Why is 10:10 usually the Default Setting for Clocks and Watches in most advertisements and showrooms?
What is the best SIP to invest in tax savings and return for a PSU Bank employee?
How will demonetising  rupee 500 and  rupee 1,000 notes help reduce corruption in India?
What is field of view in a microscope and how do you find it?
What skill can I learn in a short time and use to earn good money online doing freelance work?
Recently I feel depressed and down. My spouse does not acknowledge my feelings and says I should suck it up. Am I weak or being manipulated?
What can I do when a lawyer steals money and takes needed signed paperwork for your home, then gets disciplinary action and now permenantly closed?
Quora users seem like the type to run from fights and also sniff their own farts? Would this be a correct summary?
Why do some people get everything easily and some people work hard and struggle for years to get what they deserve?
What is the difference between PPR and CPVC Pipes? Which one is suited for what application?
I am a 26-year-old who has done B.Com. and an MBA. I want to switch careers and become a computer programmer. How can I do it?
What do you think of Obama's JAMA paper published on 2016-07-11 and and entitled \u201cUnited States Health Care Reform\u201d?
How can one merge 2 cells in Excel, A1 and A2, and then B1 and B2, C1 and C2, A3 and A4, B3 and B4, etc. without individually merging each set of cells or Copying and Pasting? *No content in the cells yet.
I applied Apple cider vinegar to my hair and I feel like my hair is burning. Whats the reason for this kind of feeling?
How was the KVPY 2016 SX paper, and what is the expected cutoff?
Can people dislike you as a person because they find you unpleasant to look at and without even knowing what your personailty is like?
What theological methodology do Christians and Muslim offer us to test which of their two religions is true?
I lost my wife for not giving due attention because of work. I have always been a devoted father and never let missing anything at home. She said she did not love me anymore. In addition to changing my behavior is there anything I can do to reverse this?
Whole fight card for UFC on Fuel TV 9, 6th April in Stockholm, Sweden? I've been looking around for the card for this upcoming event, but I can't find more than three fights. More isn't listed at UFC's site so I presume that the card isn't finished yet? But are there any rumors or any other things that indicate which fighters may participate?  I had the best seats in the house money can buy last year and planning to buy the same again tomorrow when the pre sale starts (in exactly 13h from now). But I don't want to pay  dollar 375 USD if the only good fight is the main event (Alexander Gustafsson FTW!)... All information/rumours/indications is appreciated ASAP so I can decide how much money I'm willing to pay for the tickets?
What is your networking strategy and what type of people do you like to connect with?
What will be the pros and cons of the replacement of 500 and 1000 currency notes by the Indian govt.?
How can I live without money and still have a meaningful and satisfactory life?
Why do investors invest in index funds like Fidelity Spartan 500 Index (FUSEX) where the expense ratio is 0.10 percent and not in Vanguard S&P500 ETF (VOO) whose expense ratio is lower (0.05 percent) despite having the same return?
Why don't the Kashmiri youth form a political party instead of freedom movements and participate in the development activities?
What are some weekend gateways from Bangalore and pune at about equal distance?
Having built web stuff the old way (PHP/MySQL) back in the day and wanting to build a new account based web site / app that can handle scaling. What's the best tech / approach these days?
Does the book Blocked by Caste: Economic Discrimination and Social Exclusion in Modern India edited by Sukhadeo Thorat and Katherine S. Newman, prove beyond any doubt that discrimination against Dalits and Muslims is rampant in India?
Do you know why the U.S. is the most vulnerable country to civil war in the world, and once it happens, the U.S. will collapse overnight?
How many times can I apply for a tier 5 visa? Suppose my internship ends and I want to join another internship, can I do that?
If I were looking for investors and/or networking and I could only afford to spend three nights in Silicon Valley, where would you recommend me to go?
I am a 16 year old guy. Today I am trying vodka (shots) and I am very unexperienced. How fast will I get drunk? Will it kill me?
What is it like to manage a technical and engineering team in Indonesia?
If you were born from another country and given a chance to migrate, would you rather move in China or the US? Why?
Where can I found specialists for residential, commercial, interior and exterior painting services at Brisbane?
What is the best budget hotels in Mussoorie for accommodation of me and my friends in this coming New Year eve?
Japanese Etiquette, Behavior, and Habits: How does tipping work in Japan?
What is the difference between \"Regards,\" \"Best regards,\" \"Sincerely,\" \"Yours Faithfully,\" and all of the other formulations? Which one is the best to use in North America in an email conversation?
What would happen if a foreigner child's parents died during a trip to the US, and the child had no one to look after him back home?
Which characters from \"A Song of Ice and Fire\" do you think will be alive at the end of the series?
Does apple make small changes to iPhones rather than bigger and better ones as a way of making money?
I want to build an Android application which is almost similar to Naukri and other job search Android applications. How and where should I start?
Why does iLivid keep crashing and how can it be fixed?
Did you buy something and immediately after regret it? What was it and why?
Building a music based app. What is the best way to reach a big audience and get a large amount of people to download the app?
What is the difference between EY GSS and EY INDIA? Is EY GSS equally valuable?
Which is a suitable inpatient drug and alcohol rehab center near Bullock County AL?
What occupies the empty space freed up in the F35-A and F-35C by not having the lift fan?
Competitive Programming: How to solve for updates and path query in a tree using dfs and segment tree/BIT structure?
Is there is someone who love his/her cousin and been success full in marrying him/her with permission of parents?
A girl used sex as a tool to get my commitment, knowing I wasn't interested in love and now she makes me feel guilty, what do I do?
I am a beginner to Machine Learning? Can you tell me the best and perfect way to learn Machine Learning?
What do atheists think of near-death experiences and similarities between NDE stories?
What are your greatest challenges as an artist and how do you go about them?
Which is a suitable inpatient drug and alcohol rehab center in Towns County GA?
I get what semantics is, but what is the difference between semantics and linguistics? Is there any main difference?
What happens when two countries are at war, and are competing in the Olympics?
Who are some lesser known important historical figures of Zimbabwe and what should people know about them?
Is there any difference between Monitor Deloitte and Deloitte Strategy & operation?
I want to be someone like Steven Moffat, and I want to make TV shows quite similar to the ones he makes. What exactly do I need to do and which courses should I apply to (if necessary)?
How is the Election Commission (EC), the Corroboration and Review Committee (CRC) at the BITS, Pilani-Hyderabad Campus?
What should be my approach to learn singing? I am 18 now and just like casual singing. I don't even know the basics of singing.
What is unusual or different about the food and cuisine in Switzerland?
In a neighborhood where all the front yards have lawns and decorative plants, is it illegal to dig it up and plant vegetables?
What does multicultural mean, and why is it not working positively now?
What was the secret meeting between Julian Assange and Google CEO Eric Schmidt about?
I am looking to listen to something with a lot of wubs and hype energy, that is less pop-like with no lyrics. What are some good EDM songs?
I am male. Why does my mom expect me to clean the house when she and my sister can do it perfectly fine themselves?
Why don't people understand that the reason Amy Schumer's racist jokes aren't okay is because people take them seriously and believe them to be true instead of realizing that they are meant to make fun of racists?
Is there a term for someone who both murders and mugs/robs their victims?
How do you think Theresa May, Angela Merkel and Hillary Clinton are gonna shape the future?
Why do I have such vivid and sometimes disturbing dreams so often?
Are cookies stored on my device even if I have set preferences and saved them while signing up and have not ticked remember me option?
How can you tell the difference between an electron neutrino, a tau neutrino and a muon neutrino if all of the neutrinos have 0 charge and 0 mass?
How do I lose belly fat and gain muscle at the same time?
Why did the US attack Libya and overthrow Gaddafi, who was an anti-terrorism ally?
How do I stop myself from watching porn and thinking about sex all the time?
My dog doesn't greet me at the door when I come home from work; he just looks at me and then ignores me. But when a friend visits, my dog gets really excited. Does my dog dislike me?
Where can I get very professional commercial and industrial painting services in northern beaches?
I'm in my mid-late 20's and haven't had sex in over a year. I feel bad about this. Is it better to explore and heal what's causing my negative feelings or work towards having sex?
What is the average cost and time to replace a windshield?
Which is the correct hand and finger for wearing engagement ring for men and women in India?
I'm 16 and want to become an entrepreneur. I want to start now for experience and preventing future mistakes. How should I start my journey in India?
The sets of TV series Roseanne and Moonlighting were known to be notoriously tense. What are some TV shows where the atmosphere was toxic and what are some that remained great throughout the series run?
How many films has Adam Sandler and Rob Schneider starred in together?
Will I die if I eat a bunch of Mentos and drink Coca Cola really fast?
Is there a way to install virtualbox in an iPhone and install the OS Kali Linux into it?
I'm in a relationship where my sexual needs are not met and won't be. I won't leave - we have a child. Is it possible to reduce my libido to zero?
Where did Dumbledore go when he escaped from Fudge and Umbridge in Order of Phoenix?
Is it possible to stake a claim on the earth's oxygen supply and then charge people for breathing?
My mother doesn\u2019t treat me properly. I am depressed and don\u2019t know what to do. Is this normal for a parent? Please see details.
Why education system of India cannot educate RTI and teach CAG reports to kids?
If I am leaving Norway, can I pay down my mortgage with my BSU account, and then sell my apartment without having to pay back the tax deduction I got for having BSU?
What is the city of Miami's nickname and why was it given this name?
My Google chrome is infected with virus. It redirects to another website and I cannot save my default page as google. How can I solve this problem?
What is the exact issue between Turkey and E.U with the migrants?
Why do we have the right to keep and bear arms? Why do some people want to change that?
Why does God need so much reassurance that we thank and appreciate her, when our actions would speak so much louder and effectively than words?
What are some good online sites and books for learning english?
Citreon c4 ,service light on and wont start, how do I get round it?
What are the similarities and differences between a butte, mesa, and plateau?
Which is the most suitable winter jacket and sweatshirt for Himalayan winters?
As a CS undergrad, what should I do besides my regular course and my personal interest in the languages I like to be able to work in Quora?
How could a person become a very good and successful medical innovator?
How can I reduce my belly fat and increase my body weight at the same time?
What are the differences between a simple and a compound microscope?
How do I resist checking my mobile notifications and social media every few minutes?
I want to die. I hate my lifestyle, my family and school. Literally everyone I know is religious and I don't believe in religions. What can I do?
If you had a speech bubble next to your face, and whatever was said inside defined you to a room of strangers, what would it say?
Why does Quora email people a user knows and saying that he/she is following them without asking him/her?
Is there an equivalent of C++'s STL help file (where you can see all the libraries contained, and the methods contained by those libraries with examples and time complexity etc.) for Java collections framework?
What should a guy not ask a girl, and what should a girl not ask a guy, while chatting?
What is the difference between Cabinet of Ministers and Council of Ministers in the Indian Goverment?
How do people with disabilities (both physical and mental impairment) deal with their periods?
Polymers: What are the differences between addition polymerization and condensation polymerization in terms of molecular behaviour and mechanistic features?
Why do people believe that GOD exists? If GOD exists where is he then and why don't we see him now? It is true for every religion. Why are there so many gods and who created all these gods?
What is the track management system (TMS) in Indian Railways? What is the role and day-to-day work of a railway employee involved in TMS?
Are deadlifts, squats, bench presses and shoulder presses enough for strengthening muscles and getting a good physique?
What would happen if water gets into your outlet and then you plugged something in without drying it?
What are top 5 Guns n Roses songs after slash and other original members left?
My corporate in NJ but I am work in NY most of the time and NJ occasionally, how can I make my state tax deductions when paying my monthly salary?
Do police detectives ever call private businesses and ask for access to the security camera footage?
A few street dogs have been shitting in front of my home, which is on the first floor. It happens at night. I wake up in the morning, and open my door to see fresh shit. How can I avoid this? Is there any chemical compound which drives away dogs?
What is the Tulpa Effect and what is an example of it?
Does it worth to establish an IT business in this market? (web and app development , not only design)
Practical based higher education system in the field business and management.how can this be made possible?
Do extremely beautiful people sometimes get a lot of piercings and tattoos so that society will perceive them differently?
Is there an inpatient Drug and Alcohol Rehab Center in Sierra County California?
I aim at taking PCM in 11th and 12th. I have a choice between CS and Economics. Which one is better?
I am in a huge debt (48k) due to my credit card and I earn 20k per month. I cannot sleep because I am all tensed on how to clear the due amount. I have to pay my rent and food too. I have no savings after working for a year. How should I go about my issue?
Why is heat not a fluid? It flows and yet it is considered only as energy. I am confused
What is the best resource to lean about all the isms - communism, capitalism, liberalism, and right wing, left wing, all these political terms?
Is there a relationship between innovation and sustainability in the consulting industry?
How would you describe your Lanterna Education job interview, and what would you advise someone applying for tutorship at Lanterna Education?
I'm offering to pay  dollar 0.50 per person for signing up and cashing out on Qmee. Does anyone know any websites where I can advertise this offer?
I am in my 2nd year of computer engineering. Since the last two years, I have lost interest in studies. I used to be a topper once but I don't feel like studying any more. I failed in my recent exam and after seeing my friends score well I regret that I should have studied. I want to do something meaningful in life. What should I do?
Every night, I was dreaming of that person even if I pray not to dream that and even I don't think that person and that dreams were so meaningful, It makes me fall in love with that person. Kindly give me some idea of what it means?
How do I buy products on Amazon India and ship them to the Philippines?
How do I grow cilantro and keep it from going to seed?
How many of you focus on outcomes and not the struggle?
After submission of a final application for express entry and getting the AOR, how long does CIC take to check eligibility and send the UCI etc?
How can I run the Google Play Store and Google Apps on the Nokia XL?
What are some examples of elements, compounds and mixtures? How do they differ among them?
If I delete my account in whatsapp and reinstall will I get back my contacts?
My mom favors my elder sister and it ruins my life. What should I do?
Why do we need a high input and a low output impedance in an amplifier?
What is the difference between a total balance and a clear balance in banking?
What are some emotional short stories about a brother and sister who lived far away from each other but still missed each other very much?
I am not confident enough to take on a leadership role and this hinders my career growth. What can I do to overcome this fear and get ready?
I love physics. I can't seem to understand and imagine basic concepts and formulas. Are there some ways to help me understand and simplify formulas and equations?
I think I have a pity fetish. I'm turned on when men are humiliated, but I just want to be nice and make them feel better. Is there a term for this?
I don't feel lyk talking to any other girl, after she broke my heart and moved on with her close friend..I miss her badly..what to do? Please help..
Whose idea it would be to ban 500 and 1000 rs notes in India?
What is the overview of placements for CSE and ECE in Thapar University for 2014-15? What is the average package?
Does voodoo still exist and is it practised in New Orleans?
Can some one suggest places (markets) in Delhi and Mumbai where I can buy good designed and Quality saree and salwars at a bargain rate?
What are the salaries of PO and clerk in SBI and other public sector banks?
My husband and I have been fighting for half a year now. We didn't talk and I filed a case against him. Can we fix our marriage or will it be broken?
My 'friend' keeps following me 24/7. She talks rudely to her mum, hurts me and has no feelings for me! I try to keep away from her! What do I do??
What is the difference between dating someone and being in a relationship with someone?
What was Boone's Farm Tickle Pink and why was it discontinued?
What are the main differences between a bachelor's and a graduate degree in criminology in terms of career prospects?
Where can I found highest quality and most durable horse fences in Sydney?
Is it possible to build Quora, Facebook, WhatsApp and Twitter using only the Python programming language?
How can I burglar proof my home and keep it attractive?
What licenses do I need to sell a few cars and make a little profit as a small business? Cost?
Flirting: why did he get quiet and shy when I asked him this?
Why is the new kickass torrent website asking its user to register and account for downloading torrent links?
I'm not claiming to be smart, but I feel nervous and intellectually limited when talking with shallow people, is this normal?
What is purpose of living and why we are here on earth?
Where can I find big data and Hadoop training institutes in Mumbai?
How do I deal with someone who has a big ego and won't apologize for his/her mistakes?
Why haven't Neil Patrick Harris and John Barrowman met to sing, dance, or act?
Why don't cockroaches fly away and save themselves when someone tries to smash them?
My son plays Minecraft on the computer. The other day he was playing online and someone asked him \"d or t.\" What does this mean?
What does Dushka Zapata do for a living and how do I become an excellent writer like her?
If ladies were offered  dollar 50 to take pictures of your feet in pantyhose and send it to someone\u2019s phone, would you do it?
If a Bollywood movie were made on the life and career of Amitabh Bachchan, what would be its opening scene?
How will Modi's move to discontinue 500 and 1000 notes effect the economy?
How can I stop worrying about accidentally and unknowingly breaking a law?
How did Friday the 13th become a day of superstition and dread for people today? Is there a myth related to this ideology?
What would have happened if Tamil Nadu had seceded from India and joined Singapore while Lee Kuan Yew was alive?
What 're some of the inter-Religion influences and infusions adapted and adopted in Christianity?
Anyone's iOS account got terminated by Apple and get it back again or how to get it back?
If my wife refuses to shave her nether area and I would like her to, should I stop brushing my teeth?
What is the difference between a AVL tree and a binary search tree?
How can I see a list of all my anonymously asked and answered questions on Quora?
Can I use Java for data cleaning and data analysis instead of Python?
Why does my vision go black and I get really dizzy every time I stand up?
How many Canadians file tax returns each year, and how many use tax software to do so?
I have course and reference books for classes 9th to 12th and want to give it to someone who needs them, Is any NGO working towards that?
What is a simile and a metaphor? How are they used?
I have given an interview for a tax consultant position in Hyderabad. I cleared all of the rounds and got the letter of intent. It said that the offer letter and document verification will start in 15 days. Is the letter of intent the confirmation that I will receive an offer letter?
Is it common for a fever to go away and come back a few days later?
How do I start very small and invest in stock market for very short periods of time (1-2 days) and make profit? What can be a good strategy for that?
What are the origins and meaning of \"X is dead. Long live X\"?
When my boyfriend ended things he said he needed 'time and space' what does that mean exactly?
Who decides what justice is and what injustice is and how do you make sure you are doing justice?
Should I be present physically at current and previous addresses for police verification?
What is the duration and what are the fees for SBI PO training?
I have a copy of my friend's WhatsApp database file on my PC and it doesn't have a key. How can I open that crypt8 file on my PC?
How much time does KTM RC 200 takes to be delivered and process of booking KTM RC 200?
Which of the sentences \"go where you want to\" and \"go where you want to go\" is correct? If both are not wrong, then what's the difference?
Could you give examples of programs that require more RAM and programs that require more CPU power?
What is the difference between first love, true love and one sided love,and infatuation are they same?
What is the difference between ACT and CODE in case of law?
If you need help in binary on how to trade and strategy or lost funds feel free to contact via Google mail  at  laurettaelmer216?
Has anyone hacked into their college grading system and been able to change grades?
Do they check your blood, height, and weight at the psychiatrist office?
Do you think Jaime will publicly reveal that Joffrey, Myrcella and Tommen were his children, as a part of a plot to bring down Cersei? (After Season 6)
Why have Europeans been using the image of lion for centuries and millenia but not other African animals like elephant or giraffe?
What are the strongest majors in terms of job prospects and what are the weakest majors at Tennessee Technological University?
How do I boot in safety mode from uefi and secure boot on in.windows 8_8.1?
What is wrong with me? Sometimes I wake up with extreme positivity and ambition and some other days I'm the most pessimistic depressed person.
What do you do when you truly love a girl and she doesn't love you?
Which state in India has the best and most effective police department?
Which sport has more fans and followers in the USA? The NBA, NFL, MLB or WWE?
To what extent do you upvote an answer because of the writer and to what extent do you upvote an answer because of the answer itself?
What are the top 5 MBTI types that are most reserved and introverted in social situations?
What happens if citizens continue to use old 500 and 100 notes after Nov 9? We can still exchange those notes till Dec 30.
Why is it in India that a Muslim supporter is 'secular' and a Hindu supporter 'communal'?
What do past and present employees and clients have to say about Stride?
Is the Nikon d5200 better than the d5100 and d3200? Which one should I go for?
What do people on EconJobRumors and AutoAdmit think of each other?
What were the major effects of the cambodia earthquake, and how do these effects compare to the Kamchatca earthquakes in 1952?
If light has no mass, and mass is energy, how does light carry energy? If light has no mass, and momentum is mass multiplied by velocity, how does light carry momentum?
Is there any way to convert HSV to RGB and vice-versa without data loss?
Why were  at Flipkart employees with outstanding ratings forced to resign by Rammya Nair and Sagar Kapoor while the team head was on maternity.?
Next month is my placement, and I'm in my final year Engineering pursuing Instrumentation Engineering, and I'm confused whether I should sit for an IT?
I chose an after school activity, taekwondo, and I am mostly with kids 2 years younger than me. Should I quit?
What should I do if someone hits me physically? If I hit them and knock them out, will I get into trouble? What are the legal processes?
What is the deepest lake in Europe, and how does this lake's flora and fauna compare to that of Lake Van?
Who chooses the Super Bowl national anthem singer and is it true that the NFL tend to select female singers in order to appeal to a male audience?
How are the laws regarding self defense weapons enforced in Australia and how do they compare to the way they're enforced in Sweden?
What are the list of different technologies in testing and programming languages that a manual tester should/can learn to be the best in his career?
I'm in non-med grade 11 right now and I really want to go to the US for higher studies. How and what should I do?
Which country could USA, UK, France, Russia and China all agree to add as 6th member to the UN Security Council?
I smoked weed 3 times this week. I have a surprise drug test in the coming 2 weeks. I'm 173cm tall and weigh 52 kilograms. How long will it take for my body to not show a sign of smoking in the test?
What is the difference between least count and accuracy for any measuring instrument?
What is the procedure to open a Reliance petrol pump in India and how much initial cost will it require to open?
What was the name of the products that were plain black and white? (not brand x, brand name, nor store brand).
Islam: What are the contributions of Islam in the fields of modern science and technology from the death of last prophet?
How do I backup WhatsApp chats and media from a Windows Phone to an Android?
What are some examples of fake Nintendo DSi consoles, and how do they differ from the real consoles?
My college WiFi has blocked certain websites like torrents, and I can't download things. Is there any way to solve this?
What should be the GATE rank and marks to secure admission to IISc and IITs in CSE (General Category)?
Do you feel that time is going faster and faster as we grow up? If yes, could you explain why\uff1f
Indian Army: When are GC's at IMA allotted the arms and services they will be commissioned into?
Is time linear so that the cosmos even had a beginning and is expanding or is universe linear, but cosmos is nonlinear? Or is time cyclical?
Is it okay to mix petrol from Indian oil and Bharat petroleum? Will it create any problem?
Where can I get very friendly and personal service for waste removal in Australia?
When is dirty code is probably smarter and faster than good code?
How does cellulite form and what exercises can help get rid of it?
What were the major contributions of the political leaders during WW1, and how are the compared to the ones during the Arab-Israeli War?
What are the side effects of Plan B and how long do they last?
I start talking to people with confidence but then I suddenly start fumbling mid way and become nervous,tumble upon words. How do I tackle this?
What's the life expectancy of a Tesla Model S battery, and will there be a replacement plan of some sort?
What is the function of a venule and what are some examples?
Why are there so many Indians on Quora and why are they so annoying?
Would you date somebody who does not own a car, and does not plan to ever buy a car?
How can I contact a multi billionaire and ask him for mentorship?
What is the purpose of life if one day we are going to be dead anyway? We take birth, live and die. Isn't this some sort of a meaningless drill?
Why is india not investing in infrastructure, proper sanitation and cleanliness rather than good for nothing weapons?
What are the advantages and disadvantages of using abbreviations and acronyms in taking lecture notes?
How should one proceed with freelancing work? It's been about a month and I am not able to get even one project. I tried bidding the lowest as well. How can I be in lead of the freelancing world?
What is the difference between monosaccharides and disaccharides? What is a sugar unit?
If truly Adam And Eve Were the first being Created and they were White, How Do the Blacks come to be?
How are avoidance personality disorder and social anxiety clearly different diagnosis?
What's the difference between \"cross border strikes\" done by Congress government and \"surgical strikes\" done by Modi Government?
What should I see and do as a tourist in Taiwan?
How do I show that \u2200x P(x) \u2228\u2200x Q(x) and \u2200x (P(x) \u2228Q(x)) are not logically equivalent?
What are the similarities between Ramayana and present day Indian politics?
What were the major contributions of the political leaders during WW1, and how are the compared to the ones during the First Congo War?
Working Abroad: I am a 30 year old Indian male engg graduate from india. I have 6 years of experience in automotive and electronics field. I want to move abroad on work visa. How should I go about this?
How can one become proficient in English- speaking and writing from being a basic English speaker and writer?
Using the digits 1, 3, 4, 5, 7, 8, 9. How many 4 digit numbers can be formed if 5, 7, and 9 must be included? Repetition of digits is not allowed.
How can you deal with people and society fighting your principles?
Does Hillary want to start a no-fly zone, and would it translate to a war with Russia?
If you had the power to select one person from history and have them truthfully answer one question, who would you select and what would be your question?
If a bear poops in the woods and nobody is around to hear it, does it make a sound?
Should the U.S. get rid of the electoral college and allow its citizens to elect presidents by the popular vote or another method?
What are horizontal stressors and how do they differ from vertical stressors?
I tell him I have feelings for him and that we need to stop having sex but he still wants to have sex?
What are Moroccans like, and how does their culture compare to Ethiopia's?
Which is a good inpatient drug and alcohol rehab center near Little River County AR?
Is there an app for Android that let's you remotely access and control other Android devices, like TeamViewer for PC?
What are the most common German first name and last names for US Americans to \"remember\" the name and associate the name as being very German?
Is there any correlation between intelligence and happiness? Is this only correlation or also causation?
Can an international student own and run a business with a student visa 573 in Australia?
Was it justified to move the temple of Abu Simbel, and what would be a modern day equivalent?
What is the difference between the Army and the Marines, functionally speaking?
What is the evolutionary significance of democracy and how has it changed modern society?
I have installed a new plant for the manufacturing of paper core tube used in film plants and wrapping purposes. How can we improve the compression strength and core tube?
What is the best way to learn SQL and how long it takes?
I am dating a 23-year-old Korean man and I am a 40- year-old woman. We have a 17 year age gap but to me age doesn't matter. He is very mature for his age and he treats me good. Do you think a guy 17 years younger than me is too young for me? What is your opinion?
Is it possible that Hawking radiation is matter broken down into protons, electrons, and neutrons and then released back into the universe as energy?
What are the main properties and uses of a mild steel?
I want to do some integrated analog circuit design using LTSpice. What are some interesting projects I can work on, and specifications that I should aim to achieve, such as in current mirror, amplifier, or filter?
What is the current status of USA in Afghanistan? Is it still fighting Taliban and Al Qaeda? Which cities are under US military control?
Why is my car shaking and the check engine light flashing?
Which is the best recruitment firm for mid sized and funded startups in India?
I am working on a new project (start it from scratch) and I am doing a lot of refactoring to enhance my design. Is this normal?
What happens to likes if you have a Facebook app ID and a business page? Do they get added together?
Which is a suitable inpatient drug and alcohol rehab center near Canyon County ID?
How do I say - , + , x and \u00f7 in Japanese?
What would be the most joyful and the most embrassing moment in your life?
How many species of plants, bacteria and animals exist that we do not know about?
Can extremely low radio frequencies (ELF) pass through INTERPLANETARY and INTERSTELLAR medium?  do some of them pass through it?
How do I remove blacked from nose and remove dark circle from eyes?
What is the difference between keyboard and keytar in operation or playing?
How can I remember all the method and interfaces of servlets?
My husband wants to learn trading and the stock market. Where can he find expert suggestions and advice?
Why do some people in South India and Noida write the name of their caste on the cars/bikes?
With the goal of getting hired, how do I stand out as a web developer if I have no previous working experience and all my skills come from the past three months at a web development bootcamp?
If you had a WiFi network powered by the sun that connected two galaxies, how long would it take to send and receive information; light years or hours? Is there a way to boost the transmission speeds of data on a WiFi network connecting two galaxies?
My boyfriend and I have been dating for about two years. We are talking about marriage and have already bought a house together but he does not ever want his parents to meet me. what does this mean or should I be concerned?
Is there any pain during and after the extraction of a wisdom teeth?
In the movie The Machinist, who was Ivan and why did Trevor imagine him the way he did?
Who are some lesser known important historical figures of Gabon and what should people know about them?
Why do we need both a register and a buffer register to hold instruction?
I am a 14 year old boy and I like a 9 year old boy. What should I do?
What are some good poems and short stories written by yourself?
Is the differences between Mahavir Singh Phogat and the coach of Indian women wrestling team during CWG2010 true as shown in dangal?
What is it like for an Indian to live and settle down in China?
Why is corn syrup considered bad for health and why is it often added to caramels as in salted caramel filling?
Do most highly intelligent people (IQ 130 and above) get bored by routine learning in schools and hence cannot stand formal education?
Is my boyfriend lying about his true feelings for his friend and is he secretly attracted to her?
What are the best books for IIT JAM math and what is the best strategy for preparation?
What are skeleton equations and how are they used in chemistry?
What are the hardest and the easiest things to do in life?
How do Robertsonian translocations differ from fused chromosomes and does the former also result in a change in the number of chromosomes?
Filed missing person report on roommate who left suddenly and took my gun for protection. Been in contact and he's safe. Can I have case closed?
I am a student of class 12, appearing for the JEE exam in 2016. I want to pursue a physics BS in the IIT Kanpur and go to MIT for a master's in particle physics. Is it possible to go to MIT after a BS in the IIT Kanpur?
Why did Belgium never fall apart into Flanders, Wallonia, and a German-speaking Belgian country?
What one must know before buying and selling stocks on day to day (daily) basis?
Why do some atheists spend so much time, attention, and energy refuting something that they don't believe exists?
How can I find out the average length of time companies spend in the FTSE 100 and be able to plot? How has this changed over time?
Are there any distinct different benefits between Air National Guard and Air Force Reserve? If so, what are they?
Is it a good idea to quit studying and do what you always wanted to do?
What is federalism and how does a bill become a law?
What are some of the pros and cons of using Stash Invest?
Why did I have a period that was 12 days early and lasted only for one day?
What is the difference between network architecture and network application architecture?
(Spoiler) What happened to Haradrim and the Southrons and Easterlings after the Ring was destroyed and the battle ended?
Who are some lesser known important historical figures of Georgia and what should people know about them?
I'm into BCom studies. How can I switch to the IT field and make a brilliant career into it?
What are the main rights, elements and factors divided among federal government and constituent units in Brazil?
What would happen if you created a large group/family and decided you wanted your own laws, your own life, and your own country?
Can a atom of an element and its molecule be the same?
What is the template tag to get the URL for next posts and previous posts of WordPress blogs?
Is there any growth in BPO jobs and technical support jobs?
What are some of the coolest and most innovative startups created in the past two years?
How can I recover from masturbation and how much time will it take?
How can I get more users for my app? We have currently launched it only as a web app and want to drive users before creating new native apps.
Is Carbon Capture Sequestration and Utilization a viable technology to reduce global warming?
I am thinking of one day becoming a video and film editor. Which would be the best choice for me: A levels or Level 3 media?
Where can I catch a Jigglypuff and a Snorlax in Pok\u00e9mon GO in Mumbai?
Why should I play NES or other classic Nintendo DS and 64 games? Are they really worth playing?
Could a human live on drinking only carbonated drinks like coke and sprite and never actually drink pure water?
My stepdaughter is embarrassed by the age difference between me and my husband. What do you suggest?
Why do \"r\" and \"l\" in some asian languages (eg. Thai and Japanese) are pronounced so interchangeably?
What is the benefit of banning 500 and 1000 rupee notes and again introducing 500 and 2000 rupee note?
What's the difference between \"sales commission\" and \"OTE\" (on-target earnings) ?
What\u2019s the maximum time Adenovirus could survive and infect someone on a surface?
How can you identify a Catholic Bible and how is it different from a Protestant Bible?
Who will win the 4th match between Poland and Kenya in the 2016 Kabaddi World Cup?
I plan to delve into Consultancy for my career and I am graduating with a BSc in Biz and Mgt. Should I continue with a MSc Mgt or take other fields?
Is the GM Diet Plan an effective and advised diet plan for weight loss?
Where can I found best quality bridesmaid and bridal dresses in Gold Coast?
I am an NRI and recently purchased a flat in India and other assets \u2026 tax form required?
Why do so many countries admire and want to adopt Chinese \"Democratic Meritocracy\" system?
Is death caused by liver failure painful and what are the main symptoms one can suffer from liver failure?
Why has the Star of David became a symbol of evil and satanic dark magic in many movies and computer games?
What are the most interesting products and innovations that Guess is coming out with in 2016?
How can I get MOOC/E-learning through online Web and Video courses related to Media developed by Indian professorial/professors?
Why do many Indians not respect their country and culture after moving abroad?
What can be used to leverage your time's value if and when you are only working on a part-time basis, for whatever reason?
What are the options available to do Interventional Radiology in India or abroad and how is the future for it I mean job security and pay and all?
My boyfriend dumped me because I am not like other girls who wear makeup and fashionable clothes. What should I do?
How much popular is Star World, AXN India and FX India among Indian viewers?
Should simulation be used instead of multiple choice tests and oral examinations for certification and recertification of physicians?
What do you do when you feel like people are just pissing you off as of late and you find yourself being more defensive than usual?
Is it all right for a person to admire the good leaders and citizens who have contributed to the country progress?
A girl rejected me and said she is not interested. But still she talks with me and even likes my posts and photos on Facebook. What should I do?
What is the exact truth behind Nikola Tesla and Thomas Edison rivalry?
What are some cool unknown tips and tricks about Windows 10?
What is the difference between \"planned\" and \"non-planned\" expenditure in the Indian annual Budget?
Can LLC issue additional membership interests and member of the same LLC to sell his share in the same day?
What is the definition of virginity and losing your virginity for both males and females?
Where you can seek for financing and funding for general purpose?
Why are some religious people, who believe in life after death, and the day of judgment, also extremely materialistic and think only about their needs before death?
Would Jesus agree with the Chinese proverb \u201cGive a man a fish and he\u2019ll eat for a day. Teach him to fish and he\u2019ll eat for life\"?
What is an interesting fact about Colgate toothpaste and their weakness in marketing?
My girlfriend left me after 3 years. Now what should I do with these feelings? I feel fully depressed and not able to rebuild my life. What should I do with these feelings?
What would happen if we simply declared Cuba, North Korea, and Iran as friends, and genuinely treated them as such?
If there is a war is declared between India and Pakistan, which countries will support India ?
Is it illegal to go to a food place and pretend it's your birthday, to get free food?
My own country does not exist on iTunes and Apple ID what should I do?
My sister is possessive over me. She tries to get between me and the guy I like. She hates him thinking he'll take me away from her. What should I do?
What is the difference between an application layer and an application layer program in data communication and networking?
On Twitter I am trying to target Qatari college students and Malaysian students. What would be the right hash tags to use?
I have completed my MBA with dual specialization in marketing and HR, and now I'm working as a management trainee (contractual) in PSU. I want to work abroad, how do I start?
I am 36, live in Bengaluru with wife+a small kid, and earn 9+LPA. How well-off or unwell-off do you think am I monetary wise?
We met once, I asked her out by text and she said \"we\u2019ll see\". Is she saying no or yes?
If you discovered there was a god after you died and you were being sent to hell, what would you say to him/her/it?
If people like Ronald Reagan and Margaret Thatcher were alive, would they support Brexit and Trump?
Should Donald Trump become President, if both he and Mike Pence are impeached and removed from office, who will become President?
I'm a mechanical engineer working in core firm with CTC of 5.5 lakh, but it is basically a maintaince job, and I don't like doing it. Moreover, I want to join the armed forces. Should I quit my job to focus on my goal?
What is the fear of commitment and how to you get over it?
I have just started my 2nd year of mechanical engineering and I know CATIA, Pro E and AutoCAD. What are some suggestions on what I should do to build a good career abroad as a mechanical engineer?
Are most men intimidated by beautiful women and beautiful people in general?
What should I do if I answered a spam call and called them again 2 times not knowing that the calls were from another country?
How is Kapil Sharma, as a person, in real life, and how was he during his childhood?
All of my photos in the camera folder of my Moto G2 have been deleted accidentally and I didn't even back up any of them. Is there a way to recover them without rooting the device?
Is there a person in your life infused you with inspiration and encouraged to fulfill your dreams? If yes, Name that person & let us know how?
How do I perform load and processing test on a laptop to check it's performance and find out if it can handle high data processing?
Why did Great Britain produce such an exceptional and outstanding group of explorers, scientists and inventors in the 19th century?
How do I retrieve my IRCTC username and password, without having to confirm my email?
How will the banning of Rs 500 and Rs 1000 notes affect small businessmen?
What are the differences between Intercom and App Annie? Do they both provide the same level of analytics?
I have light vehicle driving license and badge number is this public service badge number?
I broke my moms TV and im scared to tell her?
Where are inexpensive places to stay and activities in Martha's Vineyard over a weekend?
Could someone explain the following electives at NSIT: 1. Business communication and presentation skills 2. Corporate social responsibility?
I am to purchase a laptop.I have a budget of  dollar 1100, and I have narrowed my choices down to Lenovo Flex 4 14, and Delll XPS 13. Which one should I buy?
Is it true that when you buy a new phone you should first let it discharge completely and then only start charging for the same? If yes, why?
How does it feel to masturbate as a female and how do you masturbate?
Why do I feel bad for other underprivileged people and makes me think about life?
My kid spilled a milk shake on my MacBook Air and the keys stick. What is the best way to clean it?
Which companies have given attractive dividends and bonus till now and are likely to continue the same in future on BSE and NSE?
What is the importance of rolling loads and influence line diagrams in structural analysis?
What are the strongest majors in terms of job prospects and what are the weakest majors at Western Washington University?
I would like to know about bigdata course in dezyre academy and its IBM certification. Is this a worthful course and a worthful place to learn?
Was Christopher Columbus a Sephardic Jew? I read he was and heard he was from several sources? What do you say?
What are career opportunities after entering into FMCG as sales guy and what are the hikes one used to get?
Which is better for video editing and programming, Mac or Windows?
I broke up with my boyfriend, and now I miss him terribly, but I know it was the right decison to end the relationship and I don't want to get back together. How do I best cope with the pain and sadness from missing him in my life?
Wanted to start a general trading and contracting company pls suggest a suitable name for the company?
How many women are claiming to have been sexually harassed and sexually assaulted by Donald Trump?
How can I keep myself motivated to study hard and not get distracted by other things?
What do you think of Islamic state of Iraq and Syria (ISIS/ ISIL/ DAESH) ?
What quantity of cement, sand, aggregate and water require to make a 1m*1m*1m cube of M25?
What does it mean if someone hates social media and doesn't have any account on it?
Which industries have had archaic fee structure systems in place and were then disrupted by a startup?
Why do upper caste Telugu people (especially Reddy and Kamma) in Andhra Pradesh demand a very high dowry?
I'm diagnosed with schizoaffective-depressive variant, borderline personality, PTSD, Asperger's, and ADHD. Will I ever be able to work? Is this an unrealistic fantasy?
Why is Wharton more famous and prestigious than the rest of UPenn?
What is the difference between minimalism and antiform in the 60s American avant-garde?
In \"His Last Vow\" Mycroft says \"here be dragons\" in the scene when both Sherlock and Mycroft are smoking. Does that mean he knows about Moriarty?
If you could time travel and meet your 50-year-old self, what would you say?
If my body were disassembled at an atomic scale in 0.5 seconds and reassembled in 0.5 seconds, then would my consciousness still exist?
What is the job profile and promotion opportunity for Commercial and Traffic Apprentice in Indian railway?
I've recently been contacted by investor, we briefly spoke on the phone and he asked me if I have a business plan I said yes then he asked me to send it. Problem my business plan isn't finished yet. What should I do?
How reputed is the master's of science course in computational science, mathematics and engineering at UCSD in terms of research output?
What are the pros and cons of rooting a HTC Desire HD and installing custom roms on it?
How much money you make a year as a professional gambler and have you reach millionaire status yet?
I'm a 14 year old girl in 9th grade, and I have an IQ of 127. Is this a good thing?
What is average return rate and beta ratio for fashion e-commerce shops?
How can I have music on and take a snapchat video with headphones?
How is Bolivia's geographical location unique in the region, and how does its geography compare to Belize's?
How is Bolivia's geographical location unique in the region, and how does its geography compare to Nicaragua's?
How much sleep is too little, too much, and just the right amount?
Where in Mumbai can I buy car seat covers and other accessories at a good price and quality?
Is there a difference between Bluetooth 4.0 and Bluetooth Low Energy? If so, what?
What is the difference between \"college\" and \"school\" under the system of \"university\"?
Is it possible to delete my first account on my PS4 and also preserve the digitally downloaded games that I downloaded through that account?
Since a lawsuit in small claims court can't be dismissed, could I sue a celebrity, and since she would have to appear, would I be able to meet her?
What are some video games that despite very complex game mechanics and strategy, also seem simple, easy and rewarding for more casual users to play?
What is a prefix and a suffix and what are some examples?
I scored 86 percent in my tenth I had a compartment in 12th and now my percentage after the compartment is 56 percent do I have a chance to get in IIM-A?
Can a non-US citizen marry another non-US citizen in the US and give him the passport of her country?
How do you hack someone's Snapchat and view all their photos on a phone?
What is the academic pressure and workload at Texas A&M like?
I have a big fat belly. Will following exercise and dieting plan for 9-12 months will help me to make my belly flat and gain some abs?
Yesterday I sent 4 messages and they got 2 grey ticks. Today I sent a message and it got 2 blue ticks. What's going on?
If ever you are applying as an immigration officer how would your skills and experience meet those required of an immigration officer and what would make you a great addition to the team?
How do I read and make notes from The Hindu and the Indian Express for RBI Assistant and other banking Exams?
Can scuba divers kick or punch upwards and make a new hole in the ice if necessary in order to reach the surface?
How does it feel like becoming attractive and beautiful from unattractive and ugly?
If I were to stop completely relative to Earth and the Universe, how fast would Earth move away from me?
If dark matter consists of SIMPs then do particles of matter move through and displace the dark matter, causing it to wave?
I'm in my Civil Engineering last year and will complete the degree in mid of 2016. My CGPA uptill 6th semester is 7.9. I don't want to study more and want a respectable job. What are the things I have to take care of and what should I do extra?
Since Detroit has been 100 percent Democrat run for 30 years (mayor and city council), is Detroit a good model to show liberalism at work?
I am 12 and 5'10\", I am having a voice change and growing a mustache. Is this normal and will I grow over 6'4\"? My dad is 5'8\" and my mom is 5'3\".
If you could send a message back in time and tell your 18 year old self one thing, what would it be?
In spite of the staggering statistics relative to the incident rate and cost of diabetes, why are we not close to a cure?
Why does Michigan believe in not invoking the death penalty and why do they see this as beneficial?
How do France's economic activities compare and contrast to those of Costa Rica?
My brother factory reset my iPhone six plus and I do not remember my id or password how can i recover them both?
People call me anorexic, emaciated, etc. but I'm just lean and don't put on weight. How do I tell them without sounding offensive (esp. girls)?
How Quora will benefit from less moderation and more freedom of speech?
Given the current state of Artificial Intelligence and assuming some extrapolation, could the U.S. government already have an AI guiding its geopolitical and domestic policy?
I have been told that narcissism stems from extreme dissociation, and once you come out of that dissociation you can get better, is this true?
How do the teachings, learning, followership and/or fellowship of Islam project, propel and propagate the master-slave ideology [un,sub] consciously?
Considering a career change: After 35 years as a System Engineer/Systems Admin in Unix and large systems storage in Healthcare, what would be the challenges in moving to a consultant position with a large vendor?
What are some examples of old and modern means of transportation?
Which is the best internet connection? wired or wireless and give reason for your choosed internet connection.
Do you have to have a cigarette when you wake up in bed in the morning and also before you go to sleep in bed at night?
How do you deal with a man who tells you your pants are too tight and you should change them, expecting you to not be upset?
How can I scrape specific information of a website using python, and then print that information out using Django?
What are all of the symptoms of, and the reasons for, vitamin B12 deficiency?
I'm confused between the Maruti Swift VXI and the Hyundai Grand I10 Sports. Which is the better of the two?
What are the long-term positive and negative effects of drinking coffee?
Is it normal not to have a girlfriend and friends at the age of 23 years old?
What were the major effects of the cambodia earthquake, and how do these effects compare to the Arica earthquake in 1868?
Why would my husband of 30 years cut off all intimacy with me and effectively replace me with a new young male aquaintence?
What's the difference between a black haired white guy and a blonde haired white guy? Are they different breeds?
What does it mean if you're looking at someone and they say \"stop looking at me?\u201d
What are the advantages and disadvantages of a DC series motor and its application?
If radiowaves are reflected from objects (i.e planets) and they can penetrate a bit in the surface, we could image the subsurface isn't it?
What would it take to have a couple of pints and a chat with Jimmy Wales?
Considering Superman's incredible speed and intellect, could Clark Kent interview Superman and fool the casual viewer?
Which country is better for higher studies and jobs regarding mechanical engg - Australia or Canada?
What are the laws and regulations regarding bail bonds in Alabama and how does it differ from Delaware?
What radio stations broadcast the Vin Scully and the Los Angeles Dodgers?
If I wanna be like Hermoine Granger (since she knows everything about everything, and is also a strong believer in Justice) what books should I read?
Stage Acting: How do actors avoid \"breaking character\" and laughing at humorous material?
How do I see all the Quora questions I'm following, and how do I see all the answers I voted?
What is a good inpatient drug and alcohol rehab center near Colbert County AL?
Can I copyright my stories, and publish them on a blog?
What is the difference between ROM and internal storage in mobiles?
If somebody is following you on Instagram and their name is at the top of the list does it mean they creep you regularly?
I am pursuing BA in journalism psychology and optional English in Jain University Bangalore I want to do internship?
I have leased a car for 36 months. The initial down payment is USD  dollar 5720.00 (the car value is USD  dollar 19.5k) and the monthly payment is USD  dollar 450. How much is this car costing me per hour?
I am great fan of Mithun Chankraborty, and wants to know from Mrigya to till his movies box office collection and status Hit super hit flop average?
I have a terminal illness and my hybrid cat loves and trusts me, although now she likes my partner and he loves her. Will she be mentally OK?
What are the most mysterious things and places on Earth ever discovered?
Are there significat differences between 2,0 GHz Dual Intel Core i5 and 2,9 Dual Intel Core i5 if I need the laptop for programming? Should I take i7?
How do i find direction and give purpose to my life?
In his recent State of the Union address, President Obama named China as a thief and pirate of U.S. intellectual property. If China refuses to stop and to repay what it has stolen will war result?
How Can I become a good programmer if I know only basic C and want to do competitive coding so that I can apply for off campus placements?
What are the similarities and differences between the Secret circle TV show and the Secret Circle books?
Is there any difference between an array of pointers and the pointer to an array in C?
How can I reduce belly fat and chest fat without gymming?
How do I get over depression and focus on one's passion?
Which do you think is more beautiful and why? Indian type marriage or Western type wedding?
Is it true that Muslims and Christians have the same God?
Why is there a (collective) Great Britain team at the Olympics and the commonwealth but at the FIFA World Cup there are individual countries (like England, Wales, etc.)?
How can I attach an analog and digital sensor to Intel Edison?
What are the main advantages and disadvantages of AC and DC motors, which are majorly used in the industries and why?
What rank can u except in CET if u get PCM marks of above 95 and CET marks around 150 in CET 2016-2017?
What is a suitable inpatient drug and alcohol rehab center near Scott County AR?
Trying to decide between Firehose Project, Viking Code School Flex program and Flatiron Learn-Verified? What would be the best choice and why?
Which post if we select in SSC CGL we can get Andaman and Nicobar as a First preference?
Where can I find investors for my startup, and can I believe to their engagement?
When iron gives up its 2 outer 4s electrons and also gives up an inner 3D electron?
How can I reduce a fatty chest & belly with home workouts? My height is 5'6\" and weight 62Kg. Which workouts i should perform?
I am expecting 140 marks in the Mains and a 93 percent in the boards. Which NIT's and what rank should I expect?
Game of Thrones Season 5 Episode 2 (The House of Black and White): What does Jaqen mean when he says Arya has to become \"no one\"?
If I don't become a Jehovah's witness, will I die and not go to the paradise earth?
What does it mean when a commitment phobic man asks you if you are in love with him and you have been seeing each other randomly off and on?
Dating and Relationships: Is there a way I can get him to tell me how he feels about me and what he wants without directly asking that question or seeming needy or pushy?
Can you wear a dead opponents uniform and invade into the enemy territory and cause chaos?
Jupiter is a gas giant. Could you fly a rocket through Jupiter and out through the other end? (excluding gravity)
How many steel bars of y8 and y16 feel one tonne?
How do France's economic activities compare and contrast to those of Germany?
How do you live day by day and not think about the big picture of life?
Is it better to pursue a career as an Extract, Transform, and Load (ETL) tester or as a data analyst?
Did Hitler really say -\"A majority always represents stupidity and cowardice. A hundred cowards do not make a hero any more than a hundred..\"?
How much water should be consumed every day and can you drink too much?
I am confused between Igate-CapGemini and Mphasis, which is better as a fresher?
What is the evidence for biological evolution and what is the evidence supporting creationism?
What is the concept behind single clutch plate and double clutch? How different are they?
What actually is parallel path and how it is determine in any types of winding?
If you're applying for the NDSEG Fellowship and have little prior leadership, are you screwed?
What are the largest cities in Spain and what are they most known for?
When did it become acceptable for children to listen to or interrupt and get involved in adult conversation?
How does one become Top Writer, Top Question Writer and Published Writer on Quora?
Why are television channels owned by large corporations like Disney and Nickelodeon (Viacom) generally out of touch with the young adult crowd?
I did BE in electronics and communications. Can I now change my field and go for interior designing or journalism?
What does the \"Sieve\" in algorithms \"Sieve of Eratosthenes\", \"Sieve of Atkin\" and other such algorithms concerning prime numbers stand for intuitively not mathematically?
How many hits do you get in your blog daily, on average, and how much does it earn for you by showing ads?
How can I become and investment banker... and is it worth it?
How much does it cost to own a gas station in the US and how much do you make per year if you employ people to run it for you?
What is the difference between the republican party and the liberal democratic party?
What can I do if OLA charged me wrongly and their support executives as well as their superiors denied to help.?
I like girl A. We are very good friends. A's best friend B likes me. Also, A likes a guy C who is my best bro and C likes another girl D who is in a relationship with another guy. What should we do?
What will be fate of hinduism in future which has glorious past spread up to gulf on west , russia on north and combodia in east but now shrink ed in last 2000 years to only few parts of India?
How should I avoid excessive sleep and concentrate on my studies?
What is the difference between computer engineering and information and communication technology (ICT) in terms of amount of coding that one has to do?
Does one need a paid version of Tinder to view interests and messages? I only have the non paid app.
Why hasn't the U.S. government made an official statement and threatened retaliating against Russia regarding the DNC hacks?
Is there any weekend courses available for Cooking and Portrait Painting? In Chennai?
What is the process of registration of a new vehicle in Kolkata and can I drive the vehicle (two wheeler) with temporary registration certificate?
Am I a maniac to imagine breaking a person/kid' s hand and kicking him, just for removing my car's cover?
What is the difference between semi-closed wallets and closed wallets? Why don't Indian regulations allow closed wallets online?
My car was repossessed and I used the GPS to locate it sitting in the repo guys driveway. Can I go and get it since its not locked in an impound lot?
What are structural proteins and what are some examples of them?
Since we get reincarnated into a new body if we die, what's the point of taking care of ourselves and protecting ourselves from harm when we just get to start over in a newer body?
I am a commerce graduate and want to learn coding so where do I start and what are all the languages and any other applications should I learn?
How does gravity work, and is gravity a matter or something else?
Can anyone name me some good and effective dermatologist in Gwalior?
If I go through an intro linguistics class, am I going to know how the structure of the English works and the patterns in words so that I can know what a really foreign looking word means and I can make up my own words with the patterns and say what I want to say more clearly but the words are real words?
What did you think of the Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them movie?
What is the difference between duplication and replication in cell biology?
How can I stop being a child and become an adult?
Would I qualify as NRI if 75 days I was in US on Business Visa (salary from India) and 120 days after getting work permit (salary from US) in same FY?
I want to kiss my girlfriend, but she is very shy. How can I do it and what will she feel or how will she react?
What is the spoils system and how does it make political parties more powerful?
What are the pros and cons with moving to Austin, TX?
What is the movie that has 2 soldiers in a room with a time machine, and they teleport to a new planet with oxygen, a pink sky and monsters?
I sometimes feel like I am discriminated by my parents between me and my brother. I think I am losing on my dreams. How can I cope up?
We are starting a new start up company and looking for an investor. Where do we find investors?
What is a suitable inpatient drug and alcohol rehab center near Grundy County IL?
I have 86 percent in 10th, 75 percent in 12th, my marks in maths in 10th are 84 and in 12th are 57. Does this mean I won't get a call after clearing a MBA entrance?
I was born as the result of an affair. My dad has a wife and two other children who are a little older than me. He has never told his family about me and says he never intends to. What are my legal rights in terms of claiming an inheritance from his estate if I am omitted from his will?
If heaven and hell exist in this life, what are each like and how does someone know when they are in them?
What can be best business plan to execute and control if you are already an employee for a 10am to 5pm job in india?
How can I gather substantial information and see things from a different perspective without having to think differently?
Why do acids give out H+ ions in water and why do bases give out OH- in water?
Does the Pareto principle apply to the sales in your brick and mortar retail store, where 20 percent of customers make 80 percent of sales revenue? Why or why not?
What were some your best stock investments, and why did you make them?
What is the difference between market size and market potential of a product?
Do guys like girls who are shy outside and really confident in bed?
Are we allowed to see the questions while we listen to the recordings in listening skill and while we read the text in reading skills in IELTS exam?
Should I go to Berlin for Christmas 2016 and New Years? Is it a good Christmas and New Years destination?
Is it ok to eat mustard and hot sauce when trying to lose weight?
Are there aftermarket upgraded triggers and slide stops for the Sig P290 Micro-compact 9mm?
Are there any studies showing that a ketogenic diet is a more effective and healthy weight-loss method than limiting calories?
What are some of the most beautiful and unique graphs in science and math?
What is Total unbilled debit and Total Unbilled credit in credit card statement?
Can physical beating along with verbal abuse and yelling by mother make a son reluctant of physical contact with women?
Who are some lesser known important historical figures of Monaco and what should people know about them?
How do I avoid building resentment, hatred and depression from being rejected so many times by women for being ugly/unattractive?
What was the reason behind India-Pakistan partition? Was Nehru's and Jinnah's immoral character (with lady Edwina Mountbatten) responsible for it?
How do e-commerce sites like Amazon and Flipkart transport their products?
Is there any historical proof that Jesus and his disciples ever lived other than the Bible?
I am first year student at bcom hons in delhi university and my aim of life is to be an IRS officer.when should I start my prepration?
I work full time and I'm considering getting my real estate license. Can I work full time and be a real estate agent to make extra money?
I have had police verification done but it is not clear and it says that the application is under review at RPO?
Which is a suitable inpatient drug and alcohol rehab center in Newton County AR?
I miss the good old Congress days when there was much to entertain us. New scams and corruption issues happened every day. Now it's so quiet and I miss the old days. What should I do?
If I shave my head for 2 years as am getting bald and then grew my hair, will the hair will be same as when I intially have? Or I loose more hair?
What is the business model/plan of WhatsApp and Snapchat? How do these companies make money?
My dad has been adding female strangers on his Facebook account and talking to them. Is this mid-life crisis? Should I be concerned?
Why am I so hard on myself and how do I stop it?
What is the evidence for and against Ted Cruz being the Zodiac Killer?
My ex came to see me after work because I asked him to and didn't even give me a ride. He said I had to take the bus and I walked away. Why is he so cruel if I meant everything to him?
What are some weird habits and eccentricities that you have noticed in yourself?
I am in love with a girl but she had two boyfriends in the past. I am depressed, but I love her and I can't get this thought out of my mind. What should I do?
What is the legality behind copying and pasting a news story from CNN onto a different blogging site?
What are the most interesting products and innovations that U.S. Steel is coming out with in 2016?
What is the difference between a bank rate and a REPO rate with respect to RBI?
How can you get started and make serious money on the stock market?
Can Sonagachi fit to the portfolio and thesis of SoftBank Capital?
Is there an inpatient Drug and Alcohol Rehab Center in Inyo County California?
Where can I hire Facebook account hacker and how much should I pay him/her?
If Killgrave (Jessica Jones) wanted to rid the world of war and famine in his lifetime, what orders should give and to whom?
How do I do rough-work and calculations while arriving at the answers?
How do I find a friend who can teach me English and I would teach him/her Chinese?
Do you think America deserved terrorist attacks? Can we ever stop America from harming Mother Nature and then defending by saying that we should all exist in peace? How many more years will we tolerate these silently?
Why is Scoopwhoop website against Modi and instigating fallacious belief in people?
Why is the voting age 18 and election contesting age 25?
Should a guy re-evaluate his current relationship and feelings if he's worried about temptation hanging out with a girl that he was friends with?
Have you ever taken a psychoactive drug and communicated with aliens? What did they tell you?
What are some irrelevant and absurd rules at Amrita University, Coimbatore?
Being Indian what are the pros and cons of marry a european girl?
Which way of cleaning the butt is better, the one in India where you use water and your hand or the Western way where you use tissue paper?
Is it possible to lose fat and gain muscle at the same time?
Why do Christians believe in Jesus and that he was this magical being?
What are the strongest majors in terms of job prospects and what are the weakest majors at Denison University?
Why MAC address are not used for routing and other communication instead of IP addresses?
How can I tell someone about a company project and make sure they won't steal my concept?
Which are in your opinion the most depressing and the most beautiful truths about life?
What are the strongest majors in terms of job prospects and what are the weakest majors at Hamilton College?
Hypothetical Scenarios: How would it have affected Hong Kong, Macau, Taiwan and modern China had the capital of the PRC been located in Guangdong instead of Beijing?
If a married woman (in the US) commits adultery and gets pregnant, is her husband legally responsible for the child?
What is the evolutionary significance of bacteria and how has it changed modern society?
I want to start my own export business, to export aluminum scrap from Canada to China and India. How do I set up the price to make a profit?
Why use a tensor decomposition and not just concatenate my matrices and use matrix decompositions?
How do I deal with a hyper sensitive and over thinking person?
Which is a good inpatient drug and alcohol rehab center in Bourbon County KY?
How is this math problem? If a bus goes 40kph and another leaves 2 hours later at 60kph, how many hours until it overtakes the first bus?
Is there anything I could do to help India and Pakistan get along with each other?
I have completed MCA.now im confusing with microsoft dynamics ax and java.i dont known which one have good future scope, so which one I choose?
How many of you think that Indian women and girls enjoy being groped in Public Transport?
Does deleting a Quora account delete all answers, comments, and other past public actions by the user?
What is it like to live and work in London 20s?
My well educated cousin is going for an arranged marriage and has said \"yes\" without even meeting the guy or his family. Why do such things happen?
Where can I get quality and professional painting services in Paddington?
I have more than 6 tens and less than 5 ones What number am I?
How do you cope with being scammed and losing a lot of money knowing you will not get it back?
Do long distance Amtrak trains move up and down to attach to another car while they're still moving?
What are the differences between a Brahmin and a non-Brahmin, asides their food habits?
Should I eligible for mtech in materials if I give my gate exam through xe and if my branch is Manufacturing Technology?
Why is there an ozone hole at Antarctica and not at the Arctic Circle?
Why does something from a while ago still hurt and how to move on while not knowing what hurt exactly?
What is cyberbullying in a layman language and how can I get rid of it?
Are there ladies on Quora who have experienced dp (double penetration) and would like to share their experience?
Is it better to ask things to people you don't know online or ask things to people who know you and can't be completely objective about what's asked?
What's the difference between A Brief History of Time and A Briefer History of Time? Should I read both?
My best friend is madly in love with my teacher, but he is not that interested in her. She is really sad and I can't watch her suffer like that. Since he was my teacher, I can't talk to him for her (if I do, it'll be like insulting her) and I really feel helpless. What should I do to make her happy?
What are the main advantages and disadvantages of utilizing Microsoft Access?
Is there any difference between naval and conventional fighters, but for the capacity of carrier operations?
I am living in a hostel where the food is very bad and unhealthy. How can I shed fat from my stomach and thighs in a month?
If a girl loves someone but he didn't propose to her and her parents want her to get married, then does she have to wait for him?
What are some ways to copy and paste information from my email?
I have a crush and I am a crush. What do I do?
Why do many Americans believe in a God of some form, whereas in other western democracies like Australia and The United Kingdom religion is almost inconsequential?
How is Bolivia's geographical location unique in the region, and how does its geography compare to Paraguay's?
What will happen if India and Pakistan happen to reunite as one country?
How do I roast a potato and a sweet potato in a convection microwave?
What are the advantages and disadvantages of series and parallel connection?
My daughter moved to California, but is driving my car that is owned and registered in a different state. Does it need to be registered in California?
I'm a creative writer. Recently started my own blog and want to get traffic for my blog. How do I get traffic?
What is a good inpatient drug and alcohol rehab center in Collier County FL?
If I traveled to Alpha Centauri and back again in two seconds, would I return to Earth in 2008?
What is comprehensive income statement? Are income statement and comprehensive income statement same or different?
How can we make cities and villages of Nepal more preferable to live?
How genetically close are the Cornish and Bretons? And how close are the Devonians to the Cornish and English?
How do I check if my personal devices were hacked and used for the recent DDoS attacks on Dyn?
Which is a good inpatient drug and alcohol rehab center in Madison County IL?
I'm 14 and 6'0.5\" but haven't had a large spurt (I.e., 5 inches in a few months). My parents are 6' and 5'8\"; what would my predicted adult height be?
How can I change the metadata and filename of an MP3 file?
Do Muslims appreciate that God, Brahma can be another name for Allah followed by Christianity and Hinduism? Allah is not the only name of God, but different faiths converge on a similar principal of one-all-powerful God?
How does it feel to be in a relationship than being single and how does our life changes when we are in a relationship?
I am taking an assembly course in college, and they asked us to do a project and i was wondering what sort of projects can be done with assembly?
What is the difference between a sitar and other string instruments?
What is the best open source software to design a PID controller and HMI, with the end result file being an executable file?
What should be the ideal age difference between the bride and the groom for a healthy marriage?
Does Netflix pay upwards of 400k for individual contributor engineers? The salary+bonus+equity of high performers at companies like Google and Facebook are easily 300k+, so it would seem like it needs to to poach top talent.
Glucose reacts with oxygen to give off carbon dioxide and water. What mass of oxygen is required for a complete reaction of 25 g of glucose?
What do recommendation letters of Stanford and Harvard applicants look like?
Do U.S. citizens feel that Indians who migrate and work in the U.S. are taking away their opportunities?
What is the purpose behind the 22nd amendment of the American Constitution, and how does it differ from the 6th amendment?
I fell in love with my crush. We are away from each other and I miss her so much. Should I try and get in touch. If I do I might be done for it by her Parents and maybe mine because of our conservative  desi culture
I have a GMAIL account which is configured to forward to my primary gmail acct. I lost the password, security questions, and phone. I can prove I control the acct b/c I can send and receive emails from my primary account. How do I get my account back?
If I were to fart in a bottle, seal it right after, and leave it to be opened months later, and I were to smell it--will it smell the same, less potent, or even more potent due to it rotting?
What are the different kinds of speeches and what are some examples?
How can we separate the North Pole and South Pole of a magnet?
If a car travels at the speed of light and you turn the head-lights on what would happen?
If the Scottish vote 'Yes' to stay in the United Kingdom, should England, Wales and Northern Ireland be able to have a referendum as to whether to let them?
Incentives System for Sales People: Which scheme motivates more sales people and why? Discretionary bonus, commission, a combination of both, options and shares, vouchers?
Why aren't there tons of in-browser Unity and Unreal Engine-made games right now?
Why would a Pug lick his feet over and over, then lick the air until he finally settles down?
If someone grabs you by your shirt with both their hands and tells you to shut up, is that assault and can you call the police?
How can I make me believe that everything is going good in life and get satisfaction when nothing is going right?
Which is the best brand among Mercedes Benz, Audi and BMW in terms of brand value and legacy?
How can a 14 year old start a drop shipping business and turn a profit fairly quickly?
What's the body that governs sports in Australia, and its (email) contact point?
I have a Sony PS3 wireless controller, and I want to use it with a Bluetooth dongle. Where can I get it?
Has anybody had near death experience and saw any evidence of an afterlife?
I registered in JNTUH site for OD. Now It says that the password is wrong and the mail sending has failed when I tried to recover it. How can I login?
Is there a St. Marie Hanisset? How did she become a saint and what was her contribution to the faith?
My spouse doesn't get along with my parents and siblings. What can I do?
How is the work culture and growth at Thornton Tomasetti, Mumbai?
My dog is having a difficult time standing up due to a weak hind legs, and now he is having some bladder problems. What should I do?
During meiosis, what are the sites where maternal and paternal chromosomes can exchange genetic material?
What is diffrence in India and other country in case of respect parents and teachers?
My 2 year and 9 month old toddler is having speech delays. He had his evaluation done today and he scored pretty low around 59. It was scheduled during his nap time and he was pretty tired. What are the odds of him coming up to speed with his communicating skills?
Where should I live if I will be working in San Mateo and do not like apartment complexes or high rises?
We are born, live the life and die. What's the aim/goal of life ultimately?
Will there really be any war between India and Pakistan over the Uri attack? What will be its effects?
I haven't had my period for two months and the pregnancy tests I took were negative, what could this be?
What are the main differences between the 3 major schools of Buddhism - Theravada, Mahayana and Vajrayana? What is the brief history of their development?
Will Donald Trumps campaign performance, actions, and purported business dealing hurt his future business dealings?
I am 29 year old and looking for a girl . I work for TCS and earn pretty decent, have decent looks. What else needed to marry?
What are the easiest and the fastest ways to lose weight?
How would you draw a clarinet, fast and without lifting pen off the paper?
When leaving a rented flat in Bangalore, the house owners are charging about Rs. 20,000 for cleaning and painting of a 3b hk. Is this amount bloated? Has anyone ever done this themselves?
How can an educated medical doctor and author, student of 2orls history be a rabid Trump and Limbaugh supporter?
What are the courses other than medical and engineering for science stream students after 12th?
How does Bitcoin Blockchain work and what are the rules behind it?
Fee is paid by net banking and transaction ID and payment confirmation ID has been provided, but in the end gateway error occurs on the screen and still no confirmation is shown what to do and to whom should report.Amount stands deducted from account?
Is anyone here over thirty-five but still living with their parents/siblings/someone else and doesn't have a job and doesn't have a wife/husband/boyfriend/girlfriend? What is it like to live like that? Does anyone know someone like that? If so, how does he/she live their life?
I frequently see in the news the words anarchy and chaos used together. Does the one imply the other? Are they synonyms?
What is a suitable inpatient drug and alcohol rehab center near Marion County FL?
My hamstrings got strained around 4 months ago and still there is problem in that.What can I do to have some improvement? Will glutamine work?
I have scored 478 in NEET 2016. My gen rank is 11969 and my OBC rank is 4285. Can I expect any college under state quota? I am from Bihar.
I am an extremely emotional and sensitive person. How can I develop a thick skin and control my emotions?
Which bank is the best among HDFC, ICICI, AXIS, CITI, Deutsche, SBI, Kotak, YES, and Standard Chartered to open a salary account in India?
What is an explanation of P versus NP problems and other related terms in layman's terms?
Is it possible to burn body fat and gain muscle at the same time? If yes how?
Can I run 20 minutes in the morning and then do full body workout in the evening without wasting progress?
How can we improve the quality and effectiveness of public U.S. education?
What type of men's bracelet did Kunal Khemu wear in Kalyug and 99? Does it only come in silver?
What is the Amadeus GDS system and what does it offer?
I had done my 12th in science stream and I have to do an MBA. How should I proceed now?
Why do most Indian men and women get fat after marriage?
If you are a man, what are the pros and cons of dating models?
How do you compare and contrast kinetic energy and potential energy?
Why do people not make movies/talk about the Romas/Sinties, homosexuals and mass euthanasia of disabled people in death camps in Nazi Germany?
How do I systematically review probability and statistics for interview purpose?
Is witchcraft actually real and possible to do and how do I find spells that work?
What is a good inpatient drug and alcohol rehab center in Duplin County NC?
What is the climate of California's coastal regions, and how does it compare to the climate in Arizona?
Why can a voltage source converter control reactive and real power independently, whereas line commutated converters only work at lagging the power factor?
What happened to the individual monarchies of Scotland, Ireland and Wales? How did monarchy affect ireland?
What can be the best and unique name for new holiday company?
What are the most interesting products and innovations that Scripps Networks is coming out with in 2016?
Why some satellites are not launched from India and they are launched from French Guyana?
What are the pros and cons of German and American EMS Pre-Hospital care?
What is the difference between relief and information gain criteria used for feature selection?
What is a suitable inpatient drug and alcohol rehab center in Howard County AR?
Yesterday in Kabul Afghanistan a woman burned the holy book Quran and in reaction angry local people killed her and burned her: From the Islamic point of view what will be the punishment for those people who burned the lady?
What is the difference between a discrete random variable and a continuous random variable?
Should we stop using the symbols \\div[/math] and \\times[/math] in elementary school education?
Does anime accurately depict Japanese Culture and the way japanese citizens actually are?
Dating and Relationships: I am 21 year old and I want to take my school friend out with me for which she is ready. She was my classmate in class 8th and since then we have never met. I like her and want everything to be perfect. What should I do for her to make her day memorable?
Node.js or Java web frameworks? Pros and cons of each option?
How do I insert and retrieve an image in SQL database and Java swing using Eclipse?
Can a man with blood group O negative and a woman with O positive give birth?
Why has Narendra Modi not been appointed as Chief Information Commissioner and a Lokpal yet? Has he something to hide?
What is an air superiority fighter and how is it different from a multirole fighter?
I have a terrible GPA (3.8 weighted) and a 1900 SAT score. Where should I apply to school?
Would it be wise to drop out high school and work for my father's business?
What are the most interesting products and innovations that Miller Industries is coming out with in 2016?
Has anyone been in space and actually gone into or near a black hole?
Do car rental companies track how you drive and where you've been through GPS?
What can I do to better prepare and succeed in a pilot test (DLR)?
What's the best way to cope with the guilt of hurting and losing a close friend, when they don't accept your apology and ever want to know about you again?
Can u give me some tips and hints for ISI BMath interview test, wrt knowledge and behaviour to give our best on that day?
What is the difference between SLA and TAT in contact center / BPO?
Which month do businesses usually carry out performance reviews and setting new strategic goals for the new financial year?
At which angle does the horizontal range and maximum height equal in projectile motion?
What will Trump do if he is elected President and can't keep any of his promises? How do you suppose his current supporters would react?
Is there any significant difference between \"critique\" and \"criticism\" when we want to give our opinion about something such as a literary work?
Why are so many engineering students from NIT's and other premier colleges joining Young India Fellowship(YIF) Programme?
What is the best massage oil blend for massage quality, feel, popularity among therapists, and skin? (example Grapeseed 75 percent, Apricot 15 percent, Jojoba 10 percent)
Why do some people spend so much time and resources to compute Pi to trillions of digits?
What are the reference books and the best book to prepare for cbse ugc net paper 1?
Approximately what is the ratio between development cost and a single launch cost for a rocket?
What is the best solution for cleaning nasty stains and marks off of a black, electric oven stove top?
My girlfriend has suicidal thoughts and is very depressed. What should I do?
Does the belly button become bigger if you get fatter and smaller if you get thinner?
Is there any possibility that the fastest bike on earth would catch and even overtake a V-12 BMW engine on a free, spacious and clean long road?
How many times did the U.S. and the U.S.S.R. threaten to nuke China?
What's the chance of a US victory on Russian soil if the US and NATO were to invade Russia from the Eastern front like Hitler did?
How can schools allow students to engage in self-defense against bullies, attackers, and so on, without facing liability if students use more force than is necessary to defend themselves?
Is it possible for 50 year old man and a 20 year old woman to have a healthy, long term relationship?
Division by Zero: If 1/1 equals 1, 2/2 equals 1, and 3/3 equals 1, then what does 0/0 equal?
What are the differences between stock Crown Victoria and the Police Interceptor edition?
What would the last common ancestor of all humans and insects have looked like?
Sometimes I get disconnected from my wifi on my iPhone and I can't tell. Is there an app that will let me know easily if I'm still connected?
What do the European people think about Turkey and Turkish people? Are they prejudiced against Turkish people?
What is the (vector) displacement between positions (0.4i + 0.1j) m and (\u22120.8i + 0.6j) m, and the distance between the two positions?
I'm a first year engineering student studying IT from India and I'm really interested in space and time and Einstein's theory of relativity and so on. What should I pursue to become a space scientist or astronaut?
Why do people need love and relationships more than other things?
Can a satellite be put in orbit around the moon and stay there for at least a few decades? Or would Earth's influence drag it away over time?
What are the coolest and amazing inventions of the 21st century?
How would you word \"damas\" and \"chambelanes\" for an english Quinceanera invitation?
I missed my period 3 months in a row, and took 2 pregnancy tests, both coming back (-). why is that?
I have a very dry and frizzy hair. I want to get a shiny, smooth and soft hair naturally. What are some ideas?
In what order should I put my education and my work experience on my resume?
Why Indian government didn't stop the caste system reservation and begin the financial position based reservation?
What is the difference between a Hadoop database and a traditional Relational Database?
Was there ever a soldier who was awarded both Britain\u2019s Victoria Cross and the U.S. Medal of Honor? Is that even possible?
I want to learn storage (SAN)? From where should I start, and which certification shall I do in SAN?
Fruit: Why do oranges go rotten at different times even though they were picked and stored in the same way at the same time?
I am a 22-year-old college student. How do I get rid of my frustrations and pent up anger? Are there any constructive ways?
What is a consecutive calendar day and how is it related with the Egyptian calendar?
Turtles: What is the best tank size and configuration for Red Eared Sliders?
I got my wisdom teeth extracted I noticed white stuff growing inside my cheek and the extraction site? Is it infection or just scabs?
How can I become my own ISP and connect directly to the Internet?
What are the branches and related fields of psychology? What do they do and what are some examples?
My girlfriend likes posts on Instagram, related to missing her ex and always waiting for him.. It makes me feel bad. What can I do?
What is the connection between the comet and Taki and Mitsuha in \u2018Kimi No Na Wa\u2019?
Will I be able to find a job in Tel Aviv if I'm not a tech guy and do not speak Hebrew (foreigner)?
How does cloud computing work and why are businesses into it?
Would you donate to a crowd-funding page set up by a person who was a victim of an armed robbery and had their smartphone and laptop computer stolen, and could not afford to replace them? What if the victim was a child, and the page was set up by their parents?
Why is reducing individual and societal ecological footprint necessary and important?
If almost all mothers care and stand up for their children while wives might lie or cheat or leave and are constantly demanding things, what is wrong with giving first priority to my mother and not to my wife?
What are some examples of organic and inorganic chemistry in everyday life?
How are careers in astronomy changing and what's necessary to stay current?
My back starts to ache when I walk merely for an hour and within minutes of standing still. How can I strengthen my back?
Why do men give excuses when they don't love a girl? It's better to be honest and hurt their feelings rather than leading them on?
Can my English writing and speaking skills improve by reading and listening?
I went to school with mostly black kids, they bullied me frequently, beat me up, called me names like a cracker and so on. I dislike black people since then. What can I do?
If I am on a business visa, occupying no job posts whatsoever, without using any social benefit (obviously no social security, no voting), investing and wasting only my own money, with no plans of staying permanently, can I be regarded as an immigrant or not?
How can I take 10,000 and make it 15,000 within a month?
Why do some people think that Beyonce and Jay-Z worship the devil?
What is a summary and explanation of the movie The Box?
What ingredients are needed and what is the brewing process to make a pilsner style beer and how does this compare to a lager style beer?
Hey there, I wanted to know, if I can use Android phone as mic and connect it with amplifier through 3.5 mm aux cable?
What is the SSIS package and what does it do in SQL?
What are the most fascinating and inventive uses to which graphene has yet been put?
Why everytime I wake up my face and nose are swollen, like chubby looking?
In 400 metre race, A beats B by 5 metres. In same race B beats C by 4 metres and D beat C by 16 metres. how many metres does D beats A in 400 metre?
In America and many other countries most people have a cell phone data plan by the month. In the Philippines and many other countries, you buy data by time (1 day, 5 day, 7 day, 30 day plans). Here it's called \"loading\" your phone. You buy \"load\". What is \"load\" called in other countries?
Who proposed taxing the nobles and clergy? How was this idea handled?
Do Quorans keep answers/ incidents in their mind and then search a suitable question for their life incidents/answers?
What's the difference between a promise and a callback in Javascript?
Heartbreak? Heartbreak? She's my girlfriend for two months, I chose her over my girlfriend for 2 years. I like her so much to the point that I can't let her go even if she wants to end our relationship because of the other people around us most especially her family. I do the things for her that I'm not used to for a girl and I am willing to sacrifice everything just to have a little time with her. A little and limited time that I'm asking from her but she don't wanna give it to me. She's scared that someone might see us, that she's still having an affair with me. I love her and I want to be with her at least once a week even if just for a limited time. I'm not sure if I'm doing the right thing, all of my friends told me to stop it and just let it go 2 months is just 2 months not a deep relationship. But they don't feel what I feel, in this span of time I learned a lot, I learned how to love, to be loved, to sacrifice a good life, and to sacrifice a better clear future. My mind tells me to stop, but my heart tells me to hold, don't give up, stay with her and give her the unconditional love. Should I follow my mind or follow my heart?
What is the importance of education to the United States and how are their views of education different from Germany's?
How many numbers between 100 and 300 are divisible by 12?
What are a few good and free soccer betting tips site?
Why the people fight for getting the jobs even after having a PhD and 6 year Europe experience? Why only teaching option left in India after PhD?
How safe is Papua New Guinea, and how does it's crime rate compare to Azerbaijan's?
My ex messaged me last night telling me that I was special and that even though he is not in love anymore he still cares about me. Does he mean it or does he feel pity for me?
Why does the volumetric strain volume of a solid body always decrease and not increase? If it does please give an example.
Is it possible to start from level 0 and score 500+ in NEET in 4 months?
How much black money was recovered after 500 and 1000 rupees notes were banned?
What would you do if your bf/gf came out to you as being genderfluid and thus having both genders (not physically) when you're straight?
I'm planning to relocate back to India. What's the best and cheapest way I can send my collection of books and journals to India from the US?
Where do I find the cloak room and clean toilets at the new Delhi railway station?
How do I effectively study Direct Taxation in CA Final and score an exemption in exams?
I am sad about coming home from vacation and going back to reality. What can I do to make me feel happy again?
Why did India performed poorly in not just 2016 Olympics but 1992, 1996, 2000, 2004, 2008 and 2012 Olympics? What is the reason behind this?
When did Andhra bank and canara bank conducts PO and clerk exams?
What have you thought of to bring peace in the world and to eliminate inter-religion conflict?
My girlfriend told me that she kissed her ex-boyfriend while in relationship with me but now says that she is very sorry for that and is in love with me completely. it was a damn mistake she did as she was not completely over with thinking about her ex. Should i forgive her and love her or leave her completely?
Why don't Catholics celebrate Halloween and what do they think about that day?
What are the differences between a 1 star and a 2 stars restaurant on the Michelin guide, and between a 2 stars and a 3 stars one?
I am losing my self confidence and motivation. How can I build my self confidence and motivation?
Is it possible to build a floating solar power platform (approx 30.000 ft) and retrieve the power through a cable connected to land?
What is the difference between pass by value and pass by reference in Java?
Whenever I look into new questions in my review test .I got feared up and lost all my patience .how do I overcome this problem?
Couster when two girls' mothers are sisters and share the same father?
What is the best combination of profile picture and cover photo you have seen on Facebook?
What are the most powerful and insightful Tamil short stories that you have read?
Is it possible to cross the border from Canada into the US without having a visa, and give birth to a baby, before having your passports checked?
Where can I get best horse fencing advice, planning, safety and technical assistance in Sydney?
How can you generate data with normal distribution and desired skewness in excel?
What is the relationship between bar and psi in pressure measurement?
How good are SRS and hormone treatments? Can a guy who has horrible skin and balding hair become a woman with glowing skin, thick hair, etc.?
I measured my waist to get a size for suit trousers and I got 42\" but I wear 34 jeans, what have I done wrong?
Where do you see India 15-20 years from now? What changes you want to see and how do you see yourself contributing to that?
I am a b.com 1st year student, I want to know about GMAT and how can I start preparing for it from now?
Who are the notable Filipino scientists and engineers? What have been there contributions to their field of study?
How do people write huge 'questions' and also add picture in the 'question' on Quora?
What is a good platform or web app to make interactive programming tests and quizzes like Codecademy or Code School that check if your code is well written?
What are the most common stereotypes of Mexicans and Chicanos, and how does mass media and our culture reinforce them?
Which is a suitable inpatient drug and alcohol rehab center in Page County IA?
What are the top 20 most unscrupulous and corrupt multi-nation corporations in the world?
Hi Harold, I am DB2 LUW DBA. What is the future for DB2 LUW DBA and what can be learnt for better Career prospects?
What are passenger name records and how long are they retained by airlines?
Why do we study ergonomics and why is it important to do so?
Could you propel yourself in space by tying a rope to a ball and throwing it, and if so, would the ball be able to pull you a good distance?
What is the difference between 100 point and 200 point reservation roster system and how does it affect appointments?
What was the significance of the battle of Somme, and how did this battle compare and contrast to the Battle of The Yellow Sea?
I got a call from IMT Ghaziabad for DCP. Is it good and are there any chances of it getting upgraded? Should I go for GIM?
Which is a suitable inpatient drug and alcohol rehab center near Carter County KY?
Do you think it's necessary for even your good friends to know about your past and past mistakes if you don't want to talk about it? Do your friends know a lot about your past and past mistakes?
Initial Public Offerings (IPOs): What are the benefits and drawbacks of a publicly held company versus a private one?
How did Loree oboes dominate the American market and Marigaux oboes the German market?
Why do the Chinese Yuan and the Japanese Yen use similar symbols?
What would the life of a person without a special talent, who never finds a passion, and who doesn't choose a career look/be like? (Does it change if they had financial security for their entire life)
In The Hobbit, why was Gandalf and other people so keen on taking back Erebor but not Moria?
I am an Entrepreneur,I am all set with the project module and all reports, but I don't have any ideas about how to raise funds so can you help me plz?
If the radius and height of a cone are increased by 200 percent and 100 percent respectively by what percentage does the volume of the cone increase?
What is a suitable inpatient drug and alcohol rehab center near Morgan County AL?
Why do non-deserving people get everything and those who do struggle very hard for years?
How can I get my Android phone's cracked screen replaced? What will be the estimated cost and repair time when I take it to a service center?
I've gained 22 pounds from binge eating and am trying to get back to normal. Will my weight return to normal too?
My boyfriend randomly leaves to go on car rides. Once, we came back from buying burgers, when he dropped me off at our place, and said he'd be right back. He wasn't home until 2 hrs later, saying he just needed time to clear his head. How do I deal with this random need for alone time?
What are some of the structural and grammatical influences of Moorish Arabic on Spanish?
A stone is thrown vertically upward with a velocity of 19.6 m/s. After 2 seconds, another stone is thrown upwards with a velocity of 9.8 m/s. When and where will these stones collide? Please answer the question with a step-by-step solution.
Why does society prefer to idolise movies stars and models over people who do great things, like scientists or humanitarians?
What is Dushka Zapata\u2019s writing process and how much time does she spend on Quora and reading books?
I am an introvert and couldnt guess the right career for myself and because of my parents I took teaching and I am finding it uncomfortable?
What is food additives that use as carrier agent and dissolve completely in water other than salt?
Who are the major Facebook shareholders and what percentage do they own?
What are the most interesting products and innovations that Sierra is coming out with in 2016?
Why can't we produce oxygen like trees and reduce global warming?
What are the similarities and differences between mitosis in plant and animal cells?
What are the programming languages and frameworks used by top startups?
I have noticed people, now-a-days, using \"mah\" or \"ma\" for \"my\", \"yew\" for \"you\", \"ohkay\" for \"okay\" and likewise. What is the point of using the same number of letters for spelling words incorrectly?
Why are most items on eBay fixed price now, and doesn't that hurt eBay's business?
I am a female Capricorn sun sign, Cancer moon sign and Libra rising star. Can you guess what I'm like?
How do I burn the charcoal faster and without too much smoke?
How are the Ku Klux Klan leader and its other prominent members received in the public?
What does it mean to follow ones destiny and what does it look like?
Why do cat lovers prefer cats and not mind dogs while dog lovers absolutely hate cats?
What is considered to be vegan and is pita bread a vegan option?
What is difference between a voice process and a non voice process in BPO sector?
What qualities are required to be and to become a good HR?
Interpersonal Interaction: If you say hey or hi to a girl and she says hello to you back is that a sign of not being interested in you and just replying?
What is the criteria to convert a CGPA to a percentage and vice-versa for JNTU kakinada?
What is PS3 error code 80710102 and how do you fix it?
I'm a man, I like to sit and pee. Does that make me less manly?
How much can a free app that has over 1 million downloads on Android and 100k+ iOS downloads earn per month in ads?
What are the barriers for prospective American ExPats and how do you get around them?
What does it mean if a website is hosted on a load balanced web server and that sticky sessions would have to be enabled on the load balancers and that session checks would have to be done on page loads?
What is a good inpatient drug and alcohol rehab center near Kossuth County IA?
If my grand uncle married her grand aunt, and had no children, what is our relation?
What are the legal separation laws in PA and how do they compare with the ones in Delaware?
In the real world, is it possible to train your senses of observation and deduction to become like Sherlock Holmes?
In2000 we brought house we didnt register it we made a lawyeraffidavit and we are paying taxin the name of my father.whatis the processto register it?
I have flight from delhi to dubai, My name on ticket is Bhaskar Bhaskar, and on passport is Bhaskar, will I face any issue while boarding?
Is Manaphy from \"Pokemon Ranger and The Temple of The Sea\" considered underrated?
Why do many Americans accept social services like tax-funded police and fire protection, but not services like healthcare and higher education?
How can you be so sure that only credentials of Topcoder and Github are required to get into a product based company?
Do all banks have some anomaly detection system for easy and safe proceeding of transactions?
If you are deployed on a US submarine and a close relative dies, do they surface and allow you to go home for the funeral?
How is University of Petroleum and Energy Studies, Dehradun for Petroleum Engineering?
What is the difference between a carburetor and a fuel injected system?
When is the iPhone 8 being released and what's going to be the features?
I am really unhappy with my height. I am a 27 year old male, 5ft 9 1/2 and I hate looking up at people. Any help?
I can't add, block, or ignore someone, it's just one person and they remain in the added me section of snapchat. How do I remove them?
Can I study in a law school of Europe and become a lawyer in the U.S.?
How is a SATA hard drive compare to a ATA hard drive and what are their main differences?
Which website or YouTube channel has the best and complete JAVA tutorial videos for a beginner?
What are the differences between POCSO and sexual offenses in the IPC?
What are the differences, subtle and obvious, between the words \"smart\", \"clever\" and \"intelligent\"?
In the USA what method can I use to sell Bitcoins using MoneyGram and Western Union with flagging my account?
I'm 19 years old and girls always rejecting me on social media and off line\u2026how can I attract and make them fall for me?
What are the most important facilities and equipment needed in basketball?
When I study, I remember everything. But during the exam, I forget everything. I can't remember a word properly and everything is shuffled in my mind. How can I improve my memory?
How do I monitor oncoming dryness of my skin, so I know when and where to apply moisturizer proactively?
Is demonetizing notes of 500 and 1000 a permanent solution to curb black money?
I dated my boyfriend for a year and he said he doesn't want a relationship anymore?
What do atheists actually think, and why don't they believe in gods?
Why has the U.S. been refusing to talk with North Korea and forced North Korea to develop nuclear weapons by showing the U.S. war weapons at NK daily?
Which is a suitable inpatient drug and alcohol rehab center near Clayton County GA?
How do I increase my chest and arms size? On which exercises I should emphasize?
How can I find someone I dont know his name and also dont have much information but has a photo of the person pls tell me a solution?
How do I manage school studies (PCM), tuitions (PCM) and law coaching (preparing for CLAT- aiming for NLSIU Banglore)? How do I devote time to each?
Why does the U.S. respect the black-box operated, private and temporary Arbitration, but oppose the UN International Court of Justice?
My boyfriend cheated on me. I felt betrayed and it still haunts me. How to stop thinking about it?
What is a good inpatient drug and alcohol rehab center in Brevard County FL?
Which is a good inpatient drug and alcohol rehab center in Calhoun County GA?
Can I upload part of anime videos on YouTube and monetize it without copyright issue?
What is the light weight OS to run on 1GB of RAM and consuming very less hard disk?
If marriage is a constitutionally protected right between people, and corporations are guaranteed the rights of a person, is it possible to marry a corporation?
How can I obtain satori and how long time can it take?
I hate engineering. I dont love my B.Tech and I want to leave it midway. Is this right?
When should I start preparing for SSC CGL 2017 and how much amount of time is required per week for the preparation?
In the USA, I see a lot of Tamil, Telugu, and Gujarati speaking people, but fewer Marathi and Kannada speaking ones. Are they fewer in numbers or are they just low profile?
What happens to those who are already super confident and not anxious when they drink alcohol?
My Southwest Airlines flight to Las Vegas was just oversold. They offered a fare refund, a ticket on a later flight, and  dollar 300. Why wouldn't they just bump the last person to check in to a later flight? How does overselling and paying someone benefit the airline?
Earth Science: Are there Matlab land/water mask functions for each of the oceans and continents on a 180x360 grid of the world?
Even after knowing that Krishna would kill Shishupal and only his 100 sins would be forgiven, why did he keep abusing him and not care for his life?
I want to start my own shoe store business, where should I start and I also want to sell my shoe stuff internationally?
I lost my friend early this year and haven't come to terms with it yet. Does time really heal?
Is Cengage Learning's Series for the JEE Advanced for physics, chemistry and maths a good option to study mixture of basics as well as high level questions?
Which British supermarket practices and products did Fresh & Easy unsuccessfully attempt to import to the US?
Are modern classic children book series (Beverly Cleary, Judy Blume) becoming less and less relevant for children today, despite being beloved by their parents' and grandparents' generation?
I have completed B.E degree in EEE this year and am I eligible for applying for the post of junior intelligence officer grade 2?
How do I calculate the utilization and flow of Ethernet port?
My Netgear WNR2500 router randomly and often simply stops working. The modem is fine and there is internet connectivity but the router stops working and devices connected no longer have Internet access until the router is restarted. What is the problem?
Why do the people in India want to keep their culture and traditions alive? How will it benefit them in the long run?
I'm 16 and graduating high school to attend college next year. I'll be taking topology, quantum mechanics and other similar classes. What should I expect? Will my age be a barrier to anything?
I have both oily/congested skin that is also dry and flakey at the same time, how can I fix this?
What are the strongest majors in terms of job prospects and what are the weakest majors at Cal State Northridge?
Does the average person in the world today work less and play more than a nomadic native person would have 10,000 years ago?
Which is a suitable inpatient drug and alcohol rehab center in Tift County GA?
What is a Ramachandran plot? How do you read one, and what information can you learn from one?
What are junk foods, processed foods, sweets, treats, and snacks? Please contrast each one from the other and give examples of each one.
What is star batch of Allen and do droppers also get into that batch?
How do I increase my reading speed and also conversation speed?
How does the tap water distribution and sewage disposal system work in Mumbai?
Is it easy to live with and love visually impaired person?
My bf doesn't wanna break up after I cheated on him a year ago. Now he abuses me verbally and physically with the excuse I deserve it. Please help?
What are the strongest majors in terms of job prospects and what are the weakest majors at Sheridan College?
Astrology: I am a Capricorn Sun Cap moon and cap rising...what does that say about me?
I hate everything about myself. I feel worthless, pointless and I don't want to be seen. I'm starting to feel like I'm going to lose my two best friends and no one really likes me. What should I do?
What is going to happen to the value of rupee after 1000 and 500 rupees notes have been banned?
How would your dog react if after years of love and affection you started beating it seldomly with a stick?
What is the difference between the convection roast and the convection bake settings on my oven?
What are the histroy behind Jogimara Cave and Sita Bengra Cave in Chhattisgarh?
What are the strongest majors in terms of job prospects and what are the weakest majors at Winthrop University?
What are the best practices for using Parse for an iOS app and timing out attempts to send as needed?
How do you get the strength to deal with a psychopath boss and how do you leave on a good note when they will take it personally?
Me and my sister grew up in the same environment, yet she is always outgoing, and I'm the exact opposite. Why is this?
I was rejected by Google on my first try for a position of SWE at Mountain View. However, they told me I have done quite well and told me to reapply in 6 months instead of the normal 1 year waiting time that Google requires. What should I make of this?
Is spending time on Quora (gaining information), throughout the day and not studying a word during your semester exams convincing enough for you to think that you are not actually wasting your time?
Which book has taught you something valuable and important in life? What lesson did you learn?
How is it possible for the melting and freezing point of water to be the same?
Would you write a love letter to your husband/wife and make it public or do you think that's too personal?
Tier 2 of SSC CGL got over. I think maths was tough and lengthy when compared to 2015 paper Even English was tougher. Wt would be the cut off guys?
What is the difference the strong silent type, and a guy who uses it as a disguise to hide his awkwardness?
What would happen if a billionaire bought an island and decided to create their own country?
How do I renew an Indian license issued by Delhi RTA (due to expire) and change the address (to another state)?
What's the difference between R, SQL and esProc on the complex data computing?
How do I manually arrange photos in a folder on Windows 10 by dragging and dropping in the order I wish, what is the process if anyone could help?
How do I remember various IPC and CrPC in FMT in INDIA?
I have a standard set top box (Tata Sky) and an \"HD Ready\" TV. Can I see an HD content if I upgrade to an HD set top box?
How do I overcome the sorrow of a lost job and a lost relationship at age of 30?
What are the strongest majors in terms of job prospects and what are the weakest majors at Pomona College?
How often is a commercial truck serviced within a 12-month period, and what is the average amount spent on parts (not labor)?
I am expecting 240 marks in the JEE Mains paper, 2 B.Arch. and 93 percent in 12th boards. What is the best college that I can get for architecture?
What are the facilities power and perks of Asst Provident fund commissioners in EPFO?
What are the rules and regulations when visiting an inmate at Valdosta prison and how does it compare to prisons in California?
Is it bad to be a Star Wars fan and actually like the prequel trilogy?
What are the differences between corned beef and brisket? How are they used?
What is the difference between the IES batch and the GATE batch at the ACE Academy, Hyderabad?
What kind of work can a person with processing and attention deficits thrive at if they're overly detailed and obsessive?
Why wont collisions emit light? Why specifically sound and heat? Do every type of energy have something in common?
What are some unusual aspects about politics and government in Argentina?
I want make a website like w3school using WordPress: which theme and pluging should I download it ? I need some help
Are Estonians nervous about Donald Trump's desire to make friends with Russia and his appointment of Rex Tillerson as his secretary of state?
Between JJM medical college davangere and ESI medical college Bangalore which college is better?
What is the first things on earth and from did it came from?
When will Redmi 4a will launch in India and what was its expected price in India?
I have offer from Infosys as System engineer level 3 and Accenture as associate It operations level 12 which one should I opt for as fresher?
Is it possible for someone to hear and understand a language, but not be able to speak it?
Which countries have ever attacked and occupied Japan in the past 200 years?
Where does the water from the Great Lakes come from, and how does these lakes wildlife compare to Lake Garda?
What is the difference between 'due process of law' and 'procedure established by law'?
I want to become a physicist so what should I choose between Biology and Computer science as a fourth Subject?
What is the difference between docking and berthing at the ISS?
Can shahrukh khan put behind 'fan' and 'dilwale' and strike gold at the box office with 'raees'?
Should we replace a plastic jug and jars for wine, whiskey and beers bottles?
Why can't the people who manufacture iPhones quit their jobs and create their own iPhones to sell?
In India, if my name is different on my passport and B.Tech certificate, will I face any problem while applying for an MS in the US?
Why is dengue fever a communicable disease and how can it be prevented?
What can be done if some detail missed out in insurance application and been pointed out later, but they decline to use right word to admit it?
Do covert narcissists act nice and kind in the beginning and then show their true selves later?
Does Pink Floyd have more dense lyrics (both in terms of amount of words and puns and references etc) than more modern pop culture music does?
Is it possible to use my 2004 approved and unused H1 B petition to file a cap exempt petition now in 2016?
How many numbers between 100 and 200 (including both 100 and 200), are not divisible by any of these numbers: 2, 3 and 5?
What are the advantages and disadvantages of the Rockwell hardness test?
Prateek sir I am preparing for IIT JAM and interested in MSc Physics, Can I expect a decent Job through placement?
What constitutes verbal abuse in a marriage and how would you handle it?
How can you become a dental hygienist and what difficulties are found along the way?
What is the biological, basic processes, person level and social cultural level in psychology?
What are the most common traffic convictions in Arkansas, and how does the severity of the convictions differ in Vermont?
What is the best way to acquire Civil Engineer vocabulary and slangs without going to a construction site?
What is the difference between gold and silver tequila? Is it just a marketing strategy?
I got an admit from Arizona State University for MS in Electronic and Mixed signal circuit design/VLSI. Should I consider applying to UC, Irvine?
Why is it that I feel more awake and alert from sleeping 4 hours than I do when I sleep 6 hours?
What are the pros and cons if India and Pakistan merge?
Is there any exam for ISRO after 12? If yes then what is the cutoff and how many students give it? What is the difficulty level of the exam?
What is the command to list files in Unix and Unix like operating system?
Why don't Singaporeans clear their own dishes and trays at hawker centers?
What are some good textbooks for a student studying first year in Anna University CEG? For Maths, Physics and Chemistry? I studied CBSE Till 12th,so it would be very helpful if the books offer good explanation.
Is the UK now sure and ready to leave the EU?
How did the founders of Warby Parker meet and know they were the right group to start a company together?
My best friend's boyfriend abuses her emotionally, sexually, and financially. She refuses to leave him. How can I best support her?
How are the laws regarding self defense weapons enforced in Australia and how do they compare to the way they're enforced in Switzerland?
Are there any card games more complicated and strategically analytical than Go (the board game)?
I'm going to a wedding that my boyfriend is in, I'm a +1. I feel really nervous and anxious about meeting people in his life, is this normal?
I can't differentiate between Blu-ray HD 480p, 720p and 1080p. I think I've become HD blind. Please help?
BSS/OSS: What are the advantages and disadvantages of a SaaS billing system?
I have a 15 inch LCD monitor. It is blinking and waving. What could be the problem?
If Catalonia becomes independent, would Valencia and the Balearic Islands join them or stay in Spain?
Is it true that the Sufi Saint Khwaja Moinuddin Chishti of Ajmer was once a spy of Muhammad Ghori and played a prominent role in defeat of Prithvi Raj Chauhan and was later on killed by daughters of the defeated Rajputana king?
Who are some lesser known important historical figures of Tunisia and what should people know about them?
Is drinking coffee at night a bad thing for my health? I'm a medical student and it's the only way I can study at night without feeling sleepy.?
How do I improve my cognitive ability and be a better programmer?
Why did so many news media, poll pundits and analysts fail to predict the 2016 presidential election?
When she becomes so horny from foreplay and oral sex, should I continue till she orgasms, or should I start intercourse?
Describe the data moving instructions and format, with example for using them? In relation of microcontroller and application?
What is the difference between atomic and nonatomic property in objective c with some example?
How many 6-digit numbers can be formed using the digits 0, 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8, and 9 if the first digit cannot be 0? Repeated digits are allowed.
What would be your dream team (Cricket) if India, Pakistan and Bangladesh merge into a single state called BHARAT?
Is my girlfriend pregnant? We had unprotected sex but I didn't ejaculate inside of her and then a week later she got her normal period.
Why was LOL released in India and Singapore before the U.S.?
Sugar: Why are monosaccharides and disaccharides sweet while polysaccharides are not sweet?
Which scooter is the best in terms of price and mileage, Honda Dio or Honda Activa?
How are chocolate raw materials obtained and how is chocolate made?
Psychological Tricks: What are some psychological tricks and hacks that can be applied to myself to make my life easier?
What is the use of computer architecture and organization to a programmer?
Do you know of any real time successful personalities and Billionaires who made it after the age of 40? And what was common factor for their success?
If my best friend breaks up with me without telling a reason and after 1 year he starts to respect me again, what should I do?
If my mom was pregnant with me in Puerto Rico and gave birth to me in Texas, does that mean I have been to Puerto Rico?
What are some small and best ways to make or save money?
Exactly what kind of bacteria produces Vitamin B12, and under what kind of natural habitat and climatic conditions does it thrive in?
What if the Han dynasty and Roman Empire went to war?
What are the strongest majors in terms of job prospects and what are the weakest majors at Metro State?
My boyfriend is a conservative, I'm liberal. He's influenced by conservative talk radio and wants to rant. How do I best shut down these rants?
I can't sleep. During exam time it takes me 2-3 hours to sleep and it makes me worry while I lie down. I can't study because I feel tired. I'm stressed about this sleep, not exams and I don't want to take pills. What can help me?
What are your favorite proverbs and adages that are in your native language?
Can you buy a phone from Motorola directly and still use Republic Wireless or do you have to buy the phone from Republic Wireless?
I plan to study in Canada next year and my spouse will join me. We are both from visa-exempt countries (USA and Korea). Does my spouse have to apply for a Temporary Resident Permit in order to stay with me in Canada?
What is the difference between mali and adreno GPU in Android?
I am 26 old, working in software MNC, been in abroad for 2-3 times, preparing for UPSC and inlove with a girl, 6yr age diff. does age diff. matter?
Where can I find a 'wireless devices kit' which contains bluetooth, Wi-Fi and Zigbee modules (all in one) in India?
If I'm going to buy a white label product, rebrand it and resell it, should I buy from a local provider or import it from elsewhere?
I am renting a vacation apartment right now in Europe for 9 months, and I just cracked the refrigerator's side glass shelf. Will I have to pay for this, and if so, how much does something like that cost?
Is it Charlie and the chocolate factory or Willy Wonka and the chocolate factory?
What qualification is required to be a hedge fund manager and what is the average salary that they earn?
I'll have to leave college after this semester ends for some reason and I don't want to suffer the pain of departing from them, am I right in maintaining a distance from my best friends?
Help! Someone hacked into my Quora account, or I somehow got into the feeds for the weirdest and dumbest questions. Has this happened to anyone else?
How safe is Papua New Guinea, and how does it's crime rate compare to Afghanistan's?
What are problems in daily life in India that people face and which can be solved with technology?
Begging: What are the best places and methods for panhandling in San Francisco?
What happens if I register for GRE and not write the test?
What are The most amazing apps and games for Android ?
What is the best way to learn and write a AI Chat bot?
What is the difference between the columns, C18 and C8 used in an HPLC system?
What do you do to deal with and get over a break up?
What is a suitable inpatient drug and alcohol rehab center near Lyon County IA?
Area 51 is a real place, but what and where are numbers 1 to 50 and what do they do?
Will Hillary increase tensions with Russia and eventually start a war?
What is it like to own and drive a hypercar daily?
What does Chamath Palihapitya think of Brilliant.org and why did he choose to support it?
One of my classmates always looks at me. One day, I told her I love you and she said she was in love with someone. But still she looks at me always. Does it mean she just lied and that she has feelings for me?
What is the worst malfunction that occurred aboard a spacecraft between launch and orbit with the craft still reaching orbit?
For eCommerce, what are some benchmark figures for CTR, Conversion Ratio, and Cost Per Acquisition across marketing mediums online such as email, Facebook, Facebook retargeting, Google Adwords, and display banners?
Startup and Private Valuations: Nest Labs: How many shares are outstanding, and how many do new employees typically get?
What can we do to prevent indiscriminate spreading of wrong and possibly hazardous health-related information via social media?
If you're a Trump supporter who now regrets your vote and you know Trump supporters who don't, why do you think they see it so differently from you?
What's the origin of the phrase, \"toodle-pip?\" and is it time it was resurrected?
What is the significance of traditional clothing to the Algonquin Tribe, and how does it compare to the Iroquois Tribe?
Which is the best prototyping tool and why? Balsamic or Axure?
What do people eat for lunch and dinner in the US?
Who has a big Reddit account and doesn't want to use it?
What are the most interesting science plots and discussions in The Big Bang Theory (TV series)?
What are some links I can gain an unbiased and factual understanding of psychopaths?
I love a guy, he is my life. He left me as reason was his family. I begged him to come back, but he didn't. I am not able to overcome the pain and the memories. What should I do? Will I ever forget him? Would I be able to give 100 percent to the person I marry?
Why is pewter so expensive, and how does its properties compare to those of aluminum?
How long would it take for someone to drown and die once they've hit the water and breathed in a lot of water? Giving that they cannot swim
I'm a teen, and I have a sore throat and stuffed nose. I don't have a fever but I woke up and noticed that I was sweating in my sleep. Why was I sweating? What does it mean?
With the rise in the use of messaging services like iMessages and Whatsapp over SMS, why do people still type in short form?
What are the best Harry Potter and F.R.I.E.N.D.S merchandise for room decor?
Was there a big difference between the state of California and New York at the end of the 19th century in terms of culture, wealth and population?
Why after I consume crab, oysters, and clams do I immediately feel queasy in my stomach? If I eat it over and over will I build up a tolerance?
What advice would you give to someone who is working in a support project for the last 18 months and is highly passionate about writing code/programming?
What's the difference between Web 1.0, Web 2.0 and Web 3.0? What are some examples?
Why did life evoke on earth and what is its purpose?
Which countries have Walt Disney theme parks, and how does each park differ from one another?
If you ran security for a port, what radar and sonar sensors would you choose?
How do I know if I authentically, genuinely, honestly, strongly, and truly enjoy/love listening to music?
I took an online IQ test and scored 130, what does this mean?
What effect will the rupee 500 and 1000 currency note ban have on the Indian economy?
What is the difference between HTML5, Native and a Hybrid app? Which is better?
How should a software engineer make a resume and cover letter for applying to Google Inc?
What was Dish's net loss of DBS subscribers in 2Q15, and what was its net gain of Sling TV subscribers in the same period?
What are the most common Indianisms that make linguists and English language-lovers cringe?
Why can the people of the USA only see aliens and not the rest of the world?
What is the significance of minor courses (in reference to Thapar University) and how can one graduate with a major degree while pursuing a certain minor course over time?
What if one day you randomly wake up as a baby and realize that your whole life was just a dream. What would you change?
Can I see someone's display picture and status if I am not in their contact list?
Who would win an all out war between Pakistan and India if no other country got involved?
When was Typhoon Lando and how much damage did it cause?
How durable are solar panels? Is hail and wind damage going to be a major concern?
I am thinking to buy a MacBook pro MD101HN/A (mid 2012) so can I buy it or not and is that upgradable to the new macos sierra?
What are the strongest majors in terms of job prospects and what are the weakest majors at Tufts?
What are the similarities and differences between photosynthesis and cellular respiration?
Two balls, with the same speed , are thrown in opposite directions from a tower, one vertically upwards and the other vertically downwards. The time taken by each ball to reach the ground is 6s and 2s, respectively. What is the height of the tower and the initial velocity of the two balls?
What are the differences between the antagonist and the protagonist? What are their similarities?
Do I need to correct people when they make wrong observations and judgments about me? Or should I let them believe what they want to believe?
What/how was the relationship/nature of relationship between Krishna and Radha after Krishna being married to Rukmini and Radha being married to Ayan?
What is the rate of VAT/any other rate of tax in America New York, and what is the rate for diamond business?
I'm medical student and I\u2019m interested in learning piano, drawing and programming. Can I do them without affecting my medical career?
If i go to Europe in a country that is schengen area and after buy other ticket for a non-schengen area, I have to buy a return ticket ?
What would have been the reaction if someone had made an irreverent and mocking musical about contemporary Islam like was done in the Book of Mormon Musical?
What are the most difficult and useful things people have to learn in their 20s?
What is the difference between Northeast monsoon and retreating southwest monsoon? The context is Indian monsoon
Why there is a difference in shares outstanding in standalone and consolidated financials statements of many companies?
Where can I buy very good quality and reliable raw materials in Australia for any printing work?
What are the most desirable traits of Filipino women and why foreigners get attracted to them?
Which is a suitable inpatient drug and alcohol rehab center in Baxter County AR?
Why does Quebec have its own star system and television shows? Why does it exist?
What do 40 to 50 year old women crave, and aspire for in their lives, and based on that, create a fictional aspirational figure from scratch?
Dating and Relationships: I have asked my girlfriend many a times \"Am I taking your freedom out of anything\" and she always says no. But she lies and hides things from me. She hardly wants to reply to my messages when she is with her friends. She hides her tags with her friends on Facebook. What does it say?
Are separate visas required if someone has to travel to Singapore and Malaysia for holidays lasting around a week?
What are the major differences between North and South Carolina as far as the overall vibe and types of people that live there?
How did the United States become so powerful and influential in the world?
Would it be a better idea if India had only one body with identical uniform and rank hierarchy, instead of the present Army/Navy/Air Force?
What does it mean when you ring a mobile and you get this line busy?
What is cmd (command prompt)? I want to know its uses and some history just to understand why it was developed.
I have a fear of people looking at me in the face and I'm scared to leave the house because of it. How can I overcome this?
Can anyone refer me to a book for commerce and accountancy optional for the UPSC exam?
How much do you earn from your iOS and Android app in India?
I'm 19 years old. Girls always reject me, on social media, and off line. How can I attract them?
I am very frustrated with myself. I'm just tired of setting study goals and not achieving them. How do I change this?
Were the original Lucky Charms cereal and Mountain Dew drink banned in the UK or was it an urban myth?
What to expect in Amazon Group Interviews and How to prepare for one?
Is there an inpatient Drug and Alcohol Rehab Center in Tehama County California?
What should I do if I wake up one morning and find 1 million dollars credited to my account?
I'm looking for a camera to film my 3D printer, i'd like to stay under \u00a3100 and still achieve 720p. size isn't an issue but the smaller the better. Any suggestions?
Which is the best book that you have read and has inspired you through your entire life?
What should I do for video synthesis and aptitude test rounds of Mu Sigma?
What's the future like for companies that are specialized in Importing and Exporting? Will Wholly Subsidiaries eliminate the need of those companies?
Where did Native Americans originally come from? How and when did humans get to the Americas?
Does Jason Bourne die in The Bourne Ultimatum? If so, how did he die and how will the Bourne series continue after his death?
What are you doing to change the world and make it a better place?
I am new to php and MySQL Just learning it using Notepad++. What editor or framework do you prefer for developing Websites and Webapps? And what other thing should learn with PHP that would help in development?
I am a seventeen-year-old male and my height is 5'6\". Can I reach 5'8\" or 5'9\"?
Why do I have a loss of appetite and insomnia? How can I treat this?
How should America deal with Iran and their LGBT laws (as in their death penalties)?
Is Prin LN wellingkar institute of managemant development and research good for the field media and entertainment?
How does the FDI and FII help in the Indian economy?
Is it possible for a dog and a cat to mate? Why are they able to and why not?
Why, if the resurrection were actually a lie, would the apostles, and many thousands of early Christians, accept persecution and execution rather than renounce their certainty about the resurrection?
Do many people avoid having children because they are uncertain as to whether to believe their religion and don't want to be responsible for raising children without that religion?
I'm a dentist practicing for the last 14 years and want to change my profession. What are the possibilities?
Could there be a negative correlation between grades in college and success in life as an entrepreneur?
What should I do if tea tree oil comes in contact with the area around my eyes and my eyes sting for a minute or so, but then it stops and I appear to see normally?
Why do you get sick when you eat bananas and drink Sprite at the same time?
How will releasing new 500 and 2000 rupee notes help in eradicating black money?
How much is the income tax limit in India and what are the things included in it while calculating?
I confessed my feelings to my crush and she became very angry. What should I do?
How was your life before and after doing MBA from SIBM Pune?
Which is the best company for web and mobile application development services ?
What is the difference between B.Sc economics and BA economics? Which one is better and how?
Most of Sathya Sai Baba's high profile devotees accepted him as God only after going through a rough patch in their personal/professional life and subsequently were rescued through his miracles. How true is this? Are there any exceptions?
What is the best budget hotels in Shirdi for accommodation of me and my friends in this coming New Year eve in peak season?
Why do women have sex with men for? Why can't they stop because the planet is over populated and we need no kids? Stop ladies, close yo damn legs
What are the importance of changes in size and pattern of contribution of primary sector to national income of India?
My rank in the JEE Advanced is not so good. Based on previous years' rank cutoffs of IITs, I will probably get CSE in the new IITs and ISM Dhanbad. Should I go for these or try an NIT? Which one would be a better choice?
My ex-boyfriend has a girlfriend and wants to keep talking to me as friends. He also said, \"Let's wait and see what happens between him and I,\" but he has also told me he has no intention of breaking it off with her. Can someone help me define this situation I am in?
How many oral blade biopsies are performed by dentists and dental surgeons in the US per year?
What are some good topics related to tourism and hospitality for my thesis?
What are the most interesting products and innovations that T-Mobile is coming out with in 2016?
Why am I an alcoholic? Why can some people drink normally and I never can as hard as I try?
What is the meaning of \"Parea\" and how it is used in sentence?
Could a jumbo jet be safely caught using a series of on-the-ground airbags and nets in the event of an emergency landing?
At what age did you lose your virginity, and did you have regrets? Are you ready when you physically want to?
Which is a suitable inpatient drug and alcohol rehab center in Appling County GA?
What are the most interesting products and innovations that Par Petroleum is coming out with in 2016?
Which is the best book for data structure and algorithm using Java?
How did the Rothschild family protect their wealth from the Nazis during World War II given they were so rich and prominent that it is impossible to hide under the radar?
Need suggestion for home UPS to keep router, setup box and TV running uninterrupted for 5 minutes? It takes 1-2min for apartment powerbackup to start
I have skinny arms and legs but a lot of belly, which makes me feel horrible and disfigured. Which diet and exercise should I follow to have a healthy body?
What are some good ways to cope with anxiety and depression without using medication?
Why do music services (such as Spotify and Rdio) allow scrobbling to Last.fm? What are their motivations for doing so?
Should the Union have put Davis, Lee, Forrest, and other Confederate leaders on trial for treason after the Civil War?
Are participating in 5K, 10K, half and full marathon runs a good or bad way to achieve weight loss?
Choose 1 of 4 mathematics electives, 1 of 5 science electives, and 1 of 9 programming electives. How many possible course selections are there?
What are your views on the Rs 500 and 1000 notes scrapping decision taken by PM Narendra Modi?
I have offers for Product Manager positions from Google and Facebook. Which one should I choose?
Who really has all the power and directs the critical decisions of Thailand?
Is India becoming intolerant to religious freedom and diversity? If yes, what are the ways to prevent this?
How has the burning of the Library of Alexandria affected the world, and where would we be if it never happened?
What is the main difference between a torsion bar and a anti-roll bar in vehicles?
How can I get MOOC/E-learning through online Web and Video courses related to MBBS developed by Indian professorial/professors?
How widely accepted are credit cards at small businesses and restaurants in Liechtenstein?
Would the caste system have destroyed India if Gandhi and Ambedkar did not fight against it?
Where can I get end-to-end termite control, prevention and eradication programs in Bronte?
Imagine you had the power, intelligence and personality of agent 47. What would the advantage and disadvantage be?
When companies such as Facebook, Google, YouTube, Twitter and Quora started off, were the founders aware from day one that they may change the world?
How to score 150+ in Verbal and 3.5+ AWA in GRE?
Why do so many people repeatedly ask the same questions when their question has already been asked and answered on sites like Quora, Stack Exchange, Google, LinkedIn, etc.?
If I own a billion dollar company, can i sell it, then create another company just like it and encourage my old clients to switch back to me again?
Why do many Americans blame Islam for being the cause of terrorism and not just the corrupt states that control Islam in conflict countries?
Where does the water from the Great Lakes come from, and how does these lakes wildlife compare to Lake Skadar?
What could be an intelligent and efficient response to the Uri terror attack?
Why do we never see Katrina Kaif and Deepika Padukone come face to face?
I've studied Computer Science Engineering and have a PG degree in Advertising, Media and Event Management. Can I pursue PG in NID or abroad?
What is the definition of 'undulate' and how is it used in a sentence?
I have a virtual dressing app, where you can try on clothes to see whether it fits and suits you. Would girls be willing to take two photos (front and back) in their swimwear to create their personal avatar?
What happened to the famous people who believed and confirmed the world would end in 2012 and what do they say why it didn't happen?
How do I prepare for TOEFL and which are the best materials I can follow?
How do you act when you find out someone has schizophrenia and is in denial of their state, but their partner (soon to be husband) doesn't know it?
How many numbers between 1 and 500 are divisible by 12?
We know mass can be converted into energy and vice versa. Are there any instances where energy is converted into mass?
What is a reasonable amount of time for someone to be late to an appointment and let them keep it? In any professional setting.?
What are the strongest majors in terms of job prospects and what are the weakest majors at Southern Utah University?
What are the strongest majors in terms of job prospects and what are the weakest majors at CCNY?
What is a short, useful, and generally applicable piece of wisdom?
What is the difference between an algorithm and a model in machine learning?
How should you approach someone who ignores you and his other family members out of a sense of superiority?
Should Quora partnership with kindle as kindle is best devise and Quora is best place for reading?
I cry a lot for silly reasons. Almost once in every half hour. My fiance hates that and it makes him go mad. How do I control my tears?
Many Indians believe that India can't develop well and has a lot of problems because it is huge. Then why not divide India into many small nations?
I'm in a kind of turmoil. Due to past experiences with cheating girlfriends and lying best friends and a disturbing family background, I am unable to feel close to anyone or even trust anyone and that makes me feel damn lonely. What should I do?
What is the plant cell wall and what is its function?
Which is a good inpatient drug and alcohol rehab center near Hancock County IL?
How do I stop being disorganised, unreliable and start caring about things and performing?
What would you do if you got back from the military and you found out your wife was cheating on you?
How do I download Mac OS X El Capitan and install on Computer?
How do I build a focus and work ethic like Elon Musk?
What do you do to keep yourself motivated and interested in your work, at times when you lose hopes?
What is the difference between a PICC line and an IV? How can you tell the difference?
What is your favorite holiday and why is it your favorite out of all of them?
Why is it always IIT and IIM people who start a new business?
Is a private helicopter free to fly and land anywhere in the USA?
What are the strongest majors in terms of job prospects and what are the weakest majors at Brooklyn College?
If a female feels needle pinching pain on and off the right side of groin what does it mean?
What is the difference between an IIT graduated engineer and an Local college graduated engineer?
Should you let go of friends who engage in promiscuous sexual behavior and tell you about their sexual conquests when you aren't getting any?
What is your problem with starting your own business and why you want to start? What will happened if the problem will be solved
Bodybuilding: I am not getting cuts in between my chest and not getting upper pectorals developed. Can you suggest me proper exercises for them?
What are the chances that Jill Stein and Gary Johnson debate with Hillary Clinton and Donald Trump?
Are Max Tegmark's Multiverse Theory and Mathematical Universe Hypothesis considered to be real physics?
As a PM, when in the process and how often should I be writing specs/PRDs?
How can I verify if my physical ETF is lending securities and in what percentage? Thank You!
Can anyone working in Wissen Technology give an insight about the company and its work culture? Are Wissen Technology and Wissen Infotech the same?
Where can I find a Pok\u00e9mon X and Y ROM emulator for free?
Will the United States finally give up its interventionist approach and stop needling in other countries' affairs? Time to focus at home, right?
How can I learn to develop and train a neural network?
Value and Credibility of Data Camp Certifications and IBM Big data university Badges?
How do you make yourself grow taller and what are some examples?
What are some 1 day vacation ideas? I'm only 18. I have a thousand dollars to spend. It would even be nice to get on a plane to my destination one day and back on the same day to go home. Would be cool if there way a beach right by the airport
Which are the best books to learn Mechatronics and Robotics from a very basic fundamental & conceptual level?
What do you think Mexico and Great Britain thought about manifest destiny?
How would you compare NCAT and MAT exams and is RS Agarwal enough for aptitude and what are the areas is aptitude to be focused more?
How do I learn to become a full stack web developer and some free resources to learn and create a projects?
A number is divided by 5,2 and 3 successively in order to get remainders of 0,1, and 2 respectively. What will be the remainders when the same number is divided by 2,3 and 5 respectively?
Are there any land masses between the west coast and Hawaii that an airplane might land?
What would happen if you were to get close enough to Kim Jung Un and spit on him what would happen to you if you did it.?
What is the effect on a conduction band, valence band and fermi level of a PN junction diode on increasing bias potential?
How do you go about producing and selling an item to Costco?
What is the intuitive difference between Logistic Regression and Gaussian Discriminant Analysis?
What are the most useful channels and magazines for political science student?
I feel like I'm hitting the stage of teenage rebellion and apathy in my early 20s. What can I do to stop this?
How can you calculate sin, cos, and tan without a calculator?
I have a degree in actuarial science and I want to pursue a career in statistics is it possible?
PM Modi has abolished 500 and 1000 Rs notes to check black money. Is it a sign that Modi is the best and the greatest Prime Minister India till now?
My cousin still plays with dolls and she's 19. Isn't that way too old?
What's the difference between pipe smoking and cigars? What are the pros and cons?
Do American wives really kick their husband out of the bedroom and let them sleep on the couch during a fight?
Is it unfair for Hindus in Pakistan to leave due to various reasons and come to India leaving everything behind? Why are they not treated equally?
How can I get Fifa 17 Coins and Points for free?
What is your interpretation of True North Node, Saturn, Neptune and Uranius in forth house Capricorn? I am born December 2nd 1990.
Are there good alternatives to Return Path for monitoring and improving email deliverability?
I am a high school student and I want to work at NASA. What should I do?
What are the best tools to test and automate web based applications?
As a sr. web developer how do you develop more business relationships with school districts? We are currently e-mail listing and cold calling and that works okay but I wonder if it's a better way to scale up geographically?
Success is not a destination but a journey. What is the real meaning of this phrase and how does it feel to have a journey towards success?
Would I be able to hire two private investigators and then get them to follow each other?
What are the pros and cons of commuting to work by bus?
What will happen if I press the accelerator and clutch both (no brakes applied) and then release the clutch (on first gear)?
How would the universe be different if the electric and magnetic fields were 45 degrees apart instead of perpendicular to each other?
What are the best jobs for a library and information science degree holder graduate?
I didn't talk interestingly due to this I have not too much friends and those who are my friends ignore me. what to do?
What is the difference in the post of governor and lieutenant governor as per the Constitution of India?
Why has comedy gone to a point of either sex or picking on someone? Why aren't there comedians like Charlie Chaplin and Laurel and Hardy nowadays, who used to kill people (with laughter) without going sexual or hurting anybody?
What towns are located near the Kilauea, and how does this volcano's activity compare to the volcanoes in Uruguay?
My phone Lyf flame 3 discharges heavily in night battery is 40 to 50  percent and in morning it gets switched off . can anyone provide me reasons, solution?
What is the expected cut off for Rural development and public policy in Tiss Hyderabad?
What are the strongest majors in terms of job prospects and what are the weakest majors at Bellevue University?
What should be the resources and steps to become a penetration tester?
What are the names of months as per the Hindu calendar, and what is their significance vis-\u00e0-vis festivals or rituals?
What is the difference between the greenhouse effect and the enhanced greenhouse effect?
What is the difference between half wave and full wave voltage doublers?
I am a person from C++ background so How can I learn Java and Android Quickly. Which books or websites do I need to refer?
What is the history of the Glassboro train station, and how does it compare to Warnboro station?
Where can I get most dependable, flexible, and effective termite & pest control services in Sydney?
My hands hurt from typing to much and im 14 what can I do about it my doctor says I need to stop typing and its hard for me to stop I need the pc?
Do I have a right to complain if I hear my roommate making loud and frequent horking sounds (i.e. clearing his throat and spitting in the shower) when he takes a shower in our shared bathroom?
How do I calculate the height and radius of a cylinder given the surface area?
What's going to happen between Russia and Turkey now the Russian ambassador is dead?
What is the structure of the cell membrane and what are its functions?
What kind of job have little to no writing or stress (writing causes stress and stress makes me sick), I can smile and talk to costumers, but pays more than minimum wage?
Will Indians be able to independent of borrowing knowledge and commodities from western world?
What does Balaji Vishwanathan think about the ban of  rupee 500 and  rupee 1000 currency notes in India?
If Patton succeeded in turning around German guns and partnered with the allies against Russia! How would it possibly work out?
What is the significance of having the same sun, moon and rising sign? I'm a Libra in every aspect and am curious about the potential meaning of this.
What are some good books (fiction and non-fiction) that are about the dot-com bubble?
Where can I download free 70-465 PDF dumps and 70-465 VCE dumps for preparing for the 70-465 exam?
What's it like to live and work in London in your 20's?
Is it a bad idea to launch a free app in hope of later discovering and adding features that businesses are ready to pay for once they are hooked?
How do I overcome this if I have a passion and my parents doesn't support me?
I am a BE (civil) final year student. I got a job offer from TCS (software company) and another civil core job from HES Infra, a construction company. Which is better for my career?
Does physical exercise (running, sports, working out) and things like that make your brain healthier, better and stronger?
Does dark matter ripple when galaxy clusters collide and wave in a double slit experiment? Does dark matter displaced by matter relate GR and QM?
How can we overcome bad habits and becoming successful in life?
Where can I get quality services for cleaning paint and paint removal in Chatswood?
I am suffering from pink rash on my body which come and goes and is non itchy. can you help me what is it?
Why do we pay education CESS and senior and higher education CESS at McDonald's?
Why is the continental crust thicker and less dense than oceanic crust?
Why do we write A=IA for row operations and A=AI for column operation to find inverse of a matrix?
Is it a real performance difference between Balanced, Power Saver and High Performance if I use my notebook just for browsing?
What are the strongest majors in terms of job prospects and what are the weakest majors at Penn?
Before we English invented the Chicken Curry and Tea what did people eat and drink?
What are the steps taken before sanctioning the loan and after disbursement to reduce NPA?
Could the combined armies of EU countries and Ukraine defeat a full scale Russian invasion?
Is it good idea to learn finance and stock market because I want to make money out of it?
Proverbs, Sayings and Adages: Can you have your cake and eat it too?
What is the longest roller coaster in the United Kingdom and how does it compare to the longest roller coaster in the Netherlands?
How was your experience when your parents divorced when you were 10 and you lived away from dad? Did it affect you negatively later in life?
What are the strongest majors in terms of job prospects and what are the weakest majors at Broward College?
How far can you trace your ancestry with names and locations of complete chain of your ancestors in India?
Is it okay to beat my father when he is beating and harassing my mother since 6 years?
I am currently studying in grade 10. I want to pursue my studies in abroad after the examination (I mean I will not study class 11 and 12 and further in India). I want to pursue my studies with computer science and maths. How do I get enrolled in an abroad school?
Is interstellar travel is possible and which terms should be considered for travelling through worm hole?
What are the most privileged and best paid jobs in KSA, Kuwait or UAE?
I become nervous when someone raises their voice. I get stuck and cannot utter a word, even if I am right. How do I deal with this?
Is it wrong to give a guy oral sex on the first date and for him to give you as well?
What is the difference between the Dean's Scholars List and Dean's List at the National University of Singapore? Are they the same or different?
What are the differences between flax oil and flaxseed oil? What are their similarities?
I always sleep with my mom in a double bed. I'm 25. My girlfriend finds this very weird and was shocked when I told her this. Is this not normal?
What are the pros and cons vs Python vs Java Vs C#?
What are the perks and risks of buying a GTX 1080 GPU?
If the superfluid dark matter is what ripples when Galaxy clusters collide and what waves in a double slit experiment then does this relate GR and QM?
I'm a latina 23 years old woman (Pear body) ... I've been gaining weight the last months and I want to start losing it, to feel confident and also for my health (I have diabetic people in my family), is there any diet and exercises that I could try?
For almost about a year I've practicing Competitive Programming and I love it. This time I would like to do something more real. How do I get started with more sophisticated programming and build projects?
Which blind spots does the Islam have or propagate, project, propel and propaganda for/towards its followers/fellows(hip)?
On a certain sum, the difference between compound interest and simple interest at 5 percent per annum for 3 years is Rs 15.25. Find the sum?
How can be described the sensations previous and during a vasovagal syncope to someone who has never experienced it?
What is a summary of the \"Why does deep and cheap learning work so well?\" paper?
How do you accept that you have changed and it may not be possible to revert to the person you once were?
Why are oil prices falling and how long will low oil prices continue?
I borrowed  dollar 50 from mum and  dollar 50 from dad to buy a bag costing  dollar 97. After the purchase, I had  dollar 3 left. I returned  dollar 1 to dad and  dollar 1 to mum, and reserved  dollar 1 for myself. I now owe  dollar 49+ dollar 49= dollar 98 plus the  dollar 1 I reserved for myself, which is  dollar 99. Where is the missing  dollar 1?
Aisle is a funny word. It has five letters and three are silent. What are some other examples of bizarre words in English?
My mother asked me if she can see the film \"America Ammayi\", a Telugu film released in 1976, and I am searching it for ages all over the net. Are there any websites where I can find such old films?
How can I find social media profiles and dating sites using email name or number?
For ECE engg graduates, how do I prepare for the ISRO SC exam? What all subjects and materials do I have to prepare? How do I crack the interview?
What is a good inpatient drug and alcohol rehab center near Crawford County IA?
When did humanity first realize that it could be day time in one place and night in the other side of this rock?
What is the difference between build and release in software testing?
What are the best long-term investment high growth and safe (low risks) stocks on NSE? Why?
Have you ever felt that you know a better solution and still you feel it may be a dumb answer?
I am a 19 year old guy. I briskly walk for around 5 km every day, run 2.5 Kms, and do a lot of skipping. What should be my daily calorie intake?
I want to start an NGO for women and child development. How should I start from scratch?
What's the difference between a free safety and a strong safety and how are they used differently?
What has been your biggest career success and how did you achieve it?
So your son and husband are about to drown and you can only save one, who would it be?
If the beginning of the universe followed laws of thermodynamics, must have required time and time started only after big bang. So how do they fit in?
How does one get over boredom and a lack of motivation?
If you had 3 years to live and  dollar 3 billion to spend, what would you do?
Do parents get envious of the youthfulness and beauty of their offspring/children as they age/get older?
If an x-ray shows possible loosening of total hip arthroplasty, and an MRI of the same indicates no evidence of loosening, which one should I believe?
What does \"ability to draw insights from data\" and \"strong analytics skills\" mean in data science job postings?
What would I need to learn and do to clone the Tinder app for iOS?
If an erect penis were cut off and cauterized by a lightsaber, would it remain erect?
In chess, say your opponent has a queen and a rook - is there any way you can possibly win if you only have two pawns?
What are the pros and cons of being skinny as a guy?
What is the difference between car polish and car wax? What might one use each for?
Android Application Development: How can I develop and upload an Android app? How can I earn revenue from it?
Which is a good inpatient drug and alcohol rehab center near Tyrrell County NC?
What are the strongest majors in terms of job prospects and what are the weakest majors at Roger Williams University?
What are some different types of math classes and how do they all differ?
Do 'successful' people ever regret lying and cheating their way to the top?
Do you think the passing of the GST bill proposed by the BJP would enhance the economy and would it be beneficial to the common man? If so, how would it serve as a surplus to the country?
If I direct message someone on Instagram and they hide it, can I still send messages?
My dad is all paranoid and says my mother is cheating on him. He doesn't go to work and threatens suicide. He's a heavy stoner and alcoholic and one of his friends and him were talking about LSD the other night. Can he be linked to LSD?
What are the most interesting products and innovations that Franklin Electric is coming out with in 2016?
What are the reasons for the much pain and suffering that is commonly associated with Islam?
The probability is 2/3 that Mr. A will pass exam and probability is 3/4 that Mr. B will pass the exam.find probability only one will pass the exam?
Is Sarah Palin as much a scientist as Bill Nye and what was her justification for this claim?
What are some major landforms in Texas, and how do they compare to the most famous landforms in Colorado?
What would be the economic ramifications if all forms of cancer and heart disease were eradicated today?
If we were completely able to control our emotions and feelings, do you think it would make our lives better or worse? Why?
What books should I study and practice to crack NEET 2017?
Why is Manaphy angsty in Pokemon Ranger and The Temple Of The Sea?
What are the similarities and differences between Hermione (Harry Potter series) and Annabeth (Percy Jackson series)?
Hilary won the popular vote but Trump won the electoral vote and won overall. How does that work?
Is it possible for humans to catch fleas from their dog and how can you prevent this from happening?
What is the climate of California's coastal regions, and how does it compare to the climate in North Carolina?
How do I withdraw PF money as I am going abroad and not going to have job in India?
What does a crescent moon and star represent in a flag?
How can I use Omegle on my iPod Touch and how is it compared to using Chatroulette?
At Microsoft, do they use Apple Macs and Windows products for the general Office work?
Was scratched by a stray cat yesterday, drew out blood and rinsed it with water immediately. Now I feel tingling pain in the area, What should I do?
Has anybody donated money to the Care and Concern foundation (Delhi, India) to help a child with medical treatment?
What are the dangers of taking Cymbalta and Valium at the same time?
After the independence of India in 1947, why were Indian and British flags raised equally? Why wasn't only India's flag raised?
What could be wrong if my ears randomly get hot and red (for longer than an hour) if I'm not embarrassed or otherwise emotionally triggered?
Why do a lot of Americans mispronounce the names Iran and Iraq, but have no problem pronouncing the name Italy and India? Please see context below.
What should I do when my girlfriend is mad at me and I ask her what's wrong and she just responds saying \"Nothing.\"?
Is Obama really going to give away control of the internet? How and why is this a good idea? Won't this threaten free speech?
What is your favorite social media management tool for analytics and managing multiple social media accounts?
I got my ears pierced with a 6 gauge a few weeks ago and now they keep falling out. How do I stop this from happening?
What is the purpose of jargon, slang and colloquialisms? What are some examples of them?
How do I sync music received from apps like xender and shareit to inbuilt music player on iPhone?
If I move, as a foreign educated nurse from India, to California in the future, will I need to resubmit my transcript and the break down of my educational program to the CA BRN if I've already provided those for the KY BON where I'm currently in the process of getting my RN license?
Why do large power station transformers and transmission cables have cylindrical disc-like structures?
What is a good descriptive timeline for battles, tactics and army sizes in ancient China to modern times?
Can I use a Fitbit bracelet out of range from a Bluetooth device and then sync my workouts when I get in range?
Who invented the scientific method and how did he/she invent it?
What are the advantages and disadvantages of using bup over attic?
For someone who is fluent in both English and French, which city would they prefer to live in - London or Paris - and why?
Is it normal for a husband to watch pornography and masturbate with his wife asleep next to him?
What should I do if the crime rate in my city has increased drastically and the police and government are not taking any action? Is there any way a common man can connect to the government officials?
What is the significance of Hindus burning camphor and incense sticks (agarbatti's) during religious rituals?
Are each of the other 18 leaders given red carpet and proper stair, while Obama got none at the arrival of leaders at the G20 summit in China?
I had a fight with my boyfriend. He said he needs time and asked me not to message or call him during this period. What should I do?
What will happen to Europe if everyone from Africa and the Middle East moves to Europe as refugees?
I have started a routine for a workout which includes gym and swimming in alternate days. What is a good set of exercises for the alternate gym days?
I've had a stutter since I was a child and not completely cured it. How can I cure mine?
How is heat transfer coefficient related to thermal boundary layer and how can a twisted tape insert can reduce the thickness of this layer?
Why's Bollywood fascinated with glorifying gangsters, terrorists and criminals? Why should movies like Gangster, Azhar, Haseena (production), be made?
What is the best model for managing IT products and systems in a large-scale cross-asset global investment bank?
How do I recover a Gmail account when I have the username and password, but don't have the recovery phone number or email or any other information?
How can I learn to make observations and conclusions like sherlock holmes?
My boyfriend's family absolutely hates me and tries to keep us from seeing each other I've been nothing but kind and they still hate me what do I do?
What's the difference between 64 bit android operating system and 64 bit Windows operating system?
What is the difference between logical reasoning and verbal reasoning? Are separate books required to study these two?
What is biomedical engineering and what kind of work do these engineers do?
Sleep disturbs me. The fear of never waking up and losing all consciousness keeps me from going to sleep. How can I get over this?
Which is a suitable inpatient drug and alcohol rehab center in Polk County IA?
What do you think about Iman maleki's work? I like the colours and the very thought behind his paintings..so close to life.
How many numbers between 1 and 400 are divisible by both 3 or 5?
Help! I didn't show up or called work today and my boss didn't call me ither. What is a good excuse I could give him tomorrow?
In what ways are you privileged and in what ways are you not?
How do computer viruses spread and what way do they affect computers?
I am doing CA final in guntur and I am not getting where to do job?
Which bodies are Quasi-Judicial amongst all the statutory and constitutional bodies in India?
Like in other colonies of Britain, the Europeans started migrating there and their descendants now known as whites still live there. But how come unlike USA and Australia, India did not see a migration of whites?
What are the most chill/laid back bars and places in Goa in September?
Is there a difference between a field and an instance variable?
Which is the best career field among Web Developer and Java/C/C++ Developer in India?
I was sending a long message to someone on Quora and suddenly my laptop turned off. Is there any way that I can recover it?
I compare life with a river - always flowing, changing courses, sometimes bringing smiles and sometimes tears. Can you compare with anything else which would define it better?
Have you ever wondered which hurts the most: saying something and wishing you had not, or saying nothing and wishing you had?
Will the CIA find my misdemeanor crime that was expunged and cleared when I was a teen through a background check?
Which is a good inpatient drug and alcohol rehab center near Lee County GA?
Where exactly can I get the official remuneration details including perks and allowances of a PSU like IOCL. HPCL, ONGC?
What would have been the state of world\u2019s economic, political and social condition today, had Karl Marx not been born?
My girlfriend of four years cheated on me with another man and is now happy with him. How do I get over her?
Should Fair & Lovely and Axe be banned for misleading people?
What is the difference between Lowe's and Home Depot? Which is better?
How do France's economic activities compare and contrast to those of Mexico?
I don't know why when I touch the hotspot button it keeps on turning on and off continously? How can I stop that in Redmi 3s phone?
How are skilled Indian professionals treated in Singapore and do they have a stable future in Singapore?
What would be the pros and cons of abolishing death penalty?
How did physicists arrive at the speed of light and verify that it is correct?
How can I get corporate sponsorship from companies like Flipkart and RedBus for my woman empowerment event?
If the parents of two children pass away without a will, how are the assets (property and money) divided between the two as per Indian law?
What are the hardest problems that need solving, and which are most worthy of time spent working on a solution?
What can I do today if I am in class 10 and I want to become a doctor?
What is the origin of teriyaki chicken and what is a good recipe for it?
How do I download torrents using UC browser and utorrent app in my smartphone?
Would you second guess your interactions on Quora if the site was SEO optimized and caused your answers to appear prominently when someone Google'd your name? Why?
I am constantly losing concentration and am going down in my studies. what to do?
What is the big O notation and how do I calculate it?
Describe the sound difference between mini humbuckers and p-90s in a les paul style guitar?
What are the Shorty Awards and how can I win one?
Can an Indian citizen keep dollars in his savings account and transact internationally without paying hefty conversion charges?
HTML widgets definition, behavioural aspect and their usage in practise for a web applications?
Why is Oakland called \"bump city\" and how is it compared to Sacramento?
Why are a lot people so rude and judgmental towards Americans?
Can I aim at IIM-A,B, C with the profile of-X,XII, B.Tech(IT)- 94/68/82 and 17 months of work experience? I am a GEM. What percentile would I need?
What is the future and life in merchant navy if I join?
I live in the U.S. Is there anyway that I can buy a Xiaomi cell phone and get Verizon (my cell carrier) to give me coverage?
What is the difference between middle school and high school curriculum?
What are bad sides of banning 500 and 1000 rupees note?
How many people (students and IT people) move in/out of bangalore everyday?
Why isn't the U.S. accepting refugees and helping out with the migrant crisis in Europe?
What is a suitable inpatient drug and alcohol rehab center near Cook County IL?
What are the main differences between static and dynamic pressure in terms of mechanics?
What was peasant clothing like in the 18th century and how was it compared to the one in the 17th century?
What is the recommended string tension in yonex voltric 5 and is it good racquet for smashing?
Does Laughlin\u2019s space filling 'stuff' and Floury's superfluid dark matter ripple when Galaxy clusters collide and wave in a double slit experiment?
What natural resources does the Canadian shield have, and how do they differ from the on in the Cuban shield?
What is a good inpatient drug and alcohol rehab center near Power County ID?
What are some of the lesser known and mind blowing facts about India?
What can I do with a major in Biology and a minor in computer science?
How can Michael Phelps eat 12,000 calories a day and still look like he is in a deficit?
What is the scariest movie you have ever watched and what about it made it so scary?
Every time I answer a question on Quora, it asks me to edit the bio, and my answer is not shown with others. Why is this?
How would a radiology technologist who studied and practiced in Colombia become certified and able to be a radiology technologist in the US?
Somebody copied my Facebook profile pictures and information, made another fake account with my name and pictures and sent Facebook requests to my friends. What should I do?
How can I interpret \"lift\" and \"odds ratio\" in association rules?
Where can I download latest Microsoft 70-534 PDF Dumps and VCE Dumps? With new 70-534 Exam Questions?
What is the best way to find and hire a freelancer?
How does a sideswipe accident occur and which driver is considered at fault?
How does Uber ensure the drivers are punctual and committed to their pickup schedules?
I'm a 14 y/o certified in ACLS & PALS, and Founder of a Nonprofit Organization. What's your impression of me?
How can I stop having paralyzing fear about the future and outliving all my relatives and dying alone without enough money to live off of? See comment
What airlines provide flights between Leeds and Ibiza, and why are these destinations so popular?
Which is better option between DMRC JE (electronics) and BSNL JTO if I want to prepare for ESE along with my job? Where I can get enough time to study?
I am a commerce graduate. Which is the best and most suitable SAP module for me?
What are the most interesting products and innovations that On Assignment is coming out with in 2016?
What is the difference between active immunity and passive immunity? What are its similarities?
Describe Domino\u2019s business model and business strategy. What challenges is it facing?
What are the latest placement statistics of the electronics and communication engineering department at NIT Warangal?
What's the difference between a basic, intermediate and advanced WordPress website?
If the energy of activation of a catalysed reaction is 20 KJ/mol and for the uncatalysed reaction is 75 KJ/mol.
Is it true that male pigs have a corkscrew-shaped penis and that female pigs orgasm for 30 minutes?
I am 29 years old with a height of 5' 09\" and weight 92 kg. How to reduce my weight?
I saw my ex boyfriend after months of no contact and he looked depressed, thin and I felt sad and turned off from him. What happened?
I am well educated but I have no job, no family no money and no friends. What should I do now?
I would like to imggirate to USA and have master degree in dentistry what can I do?
What is the chemical equation when copper and zinc are mixed hydrochloric acid?
What does it mean when a guy always stares into your eyes and when you catch him he doesn't stop and just kind of smiles at you?
Are there any unexpected chemicals around the house that mothers and fathers and parents should be aware of that could be damaging to a child if ingested?
Why does Aamir Khan make good movies and why can't other actors do this?
What are the differences between ASPS and MSPS, and what similarities do they share?
I am a Pythonist. I read a lot but I want to increase my skills in writing correct and precise algorithms. How can I enhance this ability and from where can I get proper exercises for doing so?
I have no friends. I have no love. I feel like I was never loved and now I am sure that my mother didn't love me. A girlfriend broke up with me 4 months ago and before that she cheated on me. I still kinda love her. For a very long time I have had low self-esteem. Is there any way out of this?
What is a good web site for online chiropractic CE and chiropractic webinars approved in Iowa?
Why is a rupee compared to a dollar and not to a cent? Is it because a dollar and a rupee are standard exchange currencies or something of that sort?
He has a girlfriend but he always spends most of his time with me and doesn't even want to talk about her. Says I'm the one he loves. Whatdoesitmean?
What if we see color differently like if your purple is my tan and your tan is my red.do you believe this?
Why are leaked photos and videos of celebrities bad in quality?
What percentage of Australia is desert, and how do deserts in Australia compare to deserts in Mexico?
How do cell phone signal receptions and plan rates in Hawaii differ form the ones in Texas?
My 8 year old daughter is not a fan of reading and no matter how much my husband and I try, she refuses to read. How do I get her to read?
What are some good startup companies in India and based from out of India?
How are the Eigen vectors and the projection matrix plane related?
What happens when hydrochloric acid and sodium hydroxide are mixed together?
What is the differences between Panda, Penguin, Hummingbird and other Google Algorithm updates?
If one has to choose between CSE in Manipal and IT in VIT, which would be a better choice?
What is the minimum waiting period if I just recently got my U.S citizenship and I wish to apply for a green card for my aged parents?
My friend has taken contraceptive pills on 8 sept and she was expecting her periods on 30 sept but instead of good flow she is only having spotting.
Find the equation of a circle which touches the coordinate axes and whose centre lies on a line x-2y=3 ?
My parents don't have any documents like a voter ID card, PAN, Aadhar card, etc., but I have my voter ID card and other documents. Will it create any problems if I get a government job?
Why is there still a ban on sale and consumption of alcohol in Gujarat, India?
What teams will win each conference and who will win Super Bowl XLVI?
Are there any light pollution free places in and around Hyderabad? Can you give me somenames?
Which is better - the staffed and 'manual' London overground or the 'fully-automatic' DLR?
My parents have been fighting since I was born, I am 23 now and a single child. What should I do?
For a start-up that does not have cash to pay salary to an early stage employee, could it structure a convertible note in lieu of sweat equity? And, what are the tax implications of this for the employee and for the company?  For example, if the market rate of this early stage employee is  dollar 120k then every month a convertible note of  dollar 10k can be issued to the employee. The convertible note will have the same terms as for the angel investors that are providing early stage financing at the same time.
What are some examples of warm blooded and cold blooded animals?
What is an Angel investor and why do they differ from a regular investor?
What ingredients are needed and what is the brewing process to make a pilsner style beer and how does this compare to a porter style beer?
Is there any gearless bikes or cruisers and why is that segment dormant?
Why do most youngsters like Narendra Modi instead of Rahul Gandhi, and why do most of young educated people hate the Congress party so much?
What is after H1B Approval? Can I search for a open position and clear the interview to link my employer and the customer?
I met this girl on a social gaming app. We started chatting and we both like each other. But she doesn't share her number. What should I do?
If you ran security for Gotham port, what radar and sonar sensors would you choose?
What is the syllabus for electronics and communication in SBI and IBPS SO Assistant Manager (system) exam?
What is the difference between machine learning and statistical machine learning?
My phone heats up for no apparent reason and also loses battery life quickly. Why does this happen and how can I rectify it?
Do American people really enjoy \" true democracy and freedom\"  since they had tons of repressive law to regulate their behavior?
What song goes like chesta chesta and we could dance all night?
I am pursuing a master's in telecommunication and network engineering from Australia. After that I want to join ISRO. What should I do?
What is a \"natural born citizen\" and where is the definition for that term?
What is an offside trap in soccer, and how are they set up?
What are the cultural similarities and differences between working at PayPal pre-acquisition and Facebook pre-IPO?
What is the error in this code and how can I fix them?
How can I learn Spanish and French at the same time?
Do you think it's weird that Adolf Hitler and Donald Trump are both Taurus?
Why did my best friend end our friendship and leave me when I confessed my feelings for her?
Why do Turks deem the east Turkestan as their homeland and must be returned to them, while occupying Constantinople?
What causes keratosis pilaris and how can it be treated or prevented?
Why is a water tank structure mostly cylindrical or sphere, and not like a rectangle or a cube?
Derive an expression of kinetic energy of a body of mass m and moving with velocity v using dimensional analysis?
Why do girls wear revealing clothes and then complain when men look at them?
What was the gross revenue of the cosmetic industry in the US in 2013, and how has that number changed in the five years prior?
Can you lose fat and build muscle at the same time?
Do hash functions such as SHA-2 and SHA-3 output random numbers, and are they therefore good P/RNGs?
What was the real reason that so many people were tortured and executed for the crime of being a witch during the sixteenth and seventeenth centuries?
What is the split of pro-Trump and pro-Clinton employees of Quora?
Is it possible to create an iOS/Android app that streams video to Apple TV/Chromecast and allows use of other sections of the same app?
Which were some of the startups and companies that went bankrupt as of 2016?
What is it like flying from Bangkok to Manila and how are these touristic cities compared to Wuhan?
Does Singapore need more light tanks then AFV, IFV and APC's when we don't have alot of troops to carry or more AFV, IFV and APC's well be better? Why?
Why do we always put the currency symbol first and then the number while writing but when we speak we say the denomination first and then the currency?
How are careers in sociology changing and what's necessary to stay current?
How do I develop a cross platform desktop and mobile app using Ruby on Rails?
How does a charcoal suit pink waistcoat and blue shirt look for graduation?
What is the city of Seattle's nickname and why was it given this name?
What are the positions of tetrahedral and octahedral voids in HCP unit cell?
More than a decade ago, Nap Turner played a live Ray Charles album on his Saturday morning radio show on WPFW. The album was amazing -- had a great version of Ode to Billy Joe and a long, raunchy blues song that I'm guessing was sung by Betty Carter. I can't find that album anywhere.  Anyone know what I'm talking about? I'm guessing early 1960s show.
How is CSE at Bhagwan mahaveer institute of engineering and technology, sonipat as from now on it is affiliated from GGSIPU?
How would you choose between SPJIMR, IIM-I, IIT-B, and IIFT-D? (assuming all have been converted)?
What is the most successful team you have been part of and why do you think it was successful?
Why do we have to study relations and functions in maths?
Who are some great Japanese and Korean piano artists on YouTube?
How does one practice combinatorics, algebra and functional equations for RMO?
What is the difference between the U.S. Army Rangers and the U.S. Army Special Forces (Green Berets)?
How are the day to day lives of people who were born completely blind and those who became completely blind later in life different?
If you were to use Tor and ran a VPN, would you be able to use Facebook, Twitter, and Google while being in China?
If it suddenly became legal to make Google Street View in all European countries and not delete unblurred backups afterwards, what would happen next?
Unlike other state people why do Tamil people bang their chest, Forehead and roll on ground when they have to Cry?
A sequence of numbers is given as: 1, 2, 2, 3, 3, 3, 4, 4, 4, 4 and so on. What will be the 100th term of that sequence?
What are the best pop and where can I find it?
I am now at 12th (India.) I applied to MIT and now I need to submit my high school transcript. Is that my 12th grade sheet?
Why is Arnab Goswami of Times Now so irritating and biased on the debate show?
Is there a pattern to the designation of dots and dashes in the letters of International Morse Code?
How much salary one could one get with an M.Tech in construction and management plus 8 years of industrial experience?
What is the crime rate in the Borough of Ealing and how does it compare to Islington?
A pond is the habitat of many plants and animals identify three plants and three animals living in a pond?
Why is it that people call it DP in FB and WhatsApp instead of profile picture? Where did come from?
I am a student of class 11th and am interested in cars and technology. what should I do after 12th?
What is the difference between equity and net assets in terms of accounting?
Why does my baby have a runny nose and coughs frequently, but has no fever? How should this be treated?
Why is it that HBO and Showtime like to use the F___word?
I live in Koramangala in Bangalore. What is the best ISP for me, and is YouBroadband any good in this part of town?
How do the holy scriptures of Hinduism compare and contrast to those of Hellenism?
Where can I find the solutions to Marsden's and Tromba's Vector calculus?
What are RNA bases and how do they differ from DNA bases?
What are the strongest majors in terms of job prospects and what are the weakest majors at Salem State?
When should I charge my phone and unplug the charge to keep phone battery last longer?
I keep reading advice that tells me to write whatever comes to mind and revise later, but I cannot help but edit as I go. Is this a problem?
What is the procedure to get into canada express entry pool and how many points required to get ITA for Canada?
Can I do m.sc in applied statistics and informatics from iitb after b.a mathematics honors?
How can solar power change the world and why could it be so important to our civilization?
What is the difference between a research scientist and a postdoctoral fellow? Are they equivalent positions?
Today I have a new account in SBI. Can I open Demat and trading accounts right now?
How do I implement hash table and hash map in c++?
What is the difference between in-plane and out-of-plane loading of walls?
I want to know how calculate the angle between two vectors and both are not in same plane, which means that they don't intersect at any point?
Is there any way to reprogram and edit the apk file to hide the icon after installation?
What is the difference between paramagnetism and diamagnetism? What similarities do they share?
What happens if I hire a lawyer to represent my case and he forgets to go to my court date?
Why did Mohammed order Muslims to sever all ties with their parents and all other family members until they embraced Islam?
Who is the most powerful person in the computer and technology industry right now?
Can I export all my emails (just recipient and subject fields) in Gmail to a csv file or similar?
What is a suitable inpatient drug and alcohol rehab center near Clay County IA?
I am dating a single mother with a 9 year old son. I love her and want to marry her. Any advice problems down the road?
What are the most interesting products and innovations that Charter Communications is coming out with in 2016?
What are the most interesting products and innovations that Artisan Partners is coming out with in 2016?
Is it okay for me to enjoy and love looking at/viewing/watching pornography and using it as a masturbatory aid?
Is it OK to have milk and eat orange right after?
What is the weather in Orlando like on June, and how does it differ from the weather in December?
What is the worst moment of your life and what did it teach you?
What was the significance of the battle of Somme, and how did this battle compare and contrast to the Battle of Yalu River?
What is the difference between Jehova and Jesus and Holy Spirit? Is there a hierarchy among the trinity?
What is the best site to read DC and Marvel comics for free?
How can someone exchange the 500 and 1000 rupee notes outside India?
Why Chinese are racists? I know alot of Chinese and they're racists and they said anybody not Chinese don't deserve to live :(
What is a good inpatient drug and alcohol rehab center in Mississippi County AR?
What are the top 5 tasks a DevOps engineer performs on a regular (daily or weekly) basis that are rote, tedious and non-automatable today, e.g. they require coordination across multiple systems?
What is the difference between data source and PSA? What is the purpose of using them?
What do the idioms \"hang up\", \"hang on\", and \"hang out\" mean? Where did they originate?
There's something odd with my dog, he keep shaking and tilting his head, his ear has a really weird smell, and his ear canal is a little red, and the outer portion of his ear is swelling, do I have to take him to the Vet?
English (language): What are some English phrases and terms commonly heard in India but rarely used elsewhere?
What are 5 opportunistic infections and the organs they usually attack?
What is the difference between PMP and MRIC in real-estate, project management?
What are the most interesting products and innovations that Evolution Petroleum is coming out with in 2016?
Can a foreigner exchange 500 and 1000 rupee notes in India? What's the limit and how?
My dog is breathing very fast and her eyes are watery. Should I contact a veterinarian?
What are the categories in the Indian Army, Air Force, and Navy? And what work do they have to do?
Are there many lizards and other such creatures at BITS Pilani?
What is the difference between subjective question and objective question in the exam?
Where can I get professional and efficient pest services in Inner west?
Ramayana (Hindu epic): Many people claim that Ravan was a scholar and an intellectual. His only mistake was the abduction of Sita. How true is that?
Was Adrian Lamo convicted and did he do any jail time?
How soon before there will be cheaper and more efficient ways to travel to other planets?
If I needed to quit my previous job due to stress and the desire to have time to change life trajectory, how do I explain to future employers this gap, and will they ignore my resume because of it?
What percent of computational biology grant funding comes from the NIH, and what percent from other funding agencies?
What are some examples of Filipino traditions and beliefs, and how do they compare and contrast to those of Sardinia?
How can an ordinary individual know difference between real love and false love? How does the other person know whether one's love is real or false?
Is Life Sciences 60 (Ethics, Biotechnology, and the Future of Human Nature) worth taking at Harvard?
If I have a business idea, how can I obtain feedback and information from other people without giving out my idea to someone who could steal it?
How do constant opportunity costs and decreasing opportunity costs compare and contrast?
Is there a way to extract projects with leaders and without from GitHub data set?
If I want to be a software engineer ,what languages would I need to learn and how much time will it take to learn each one?
Facebook: Is it possible to hide likes and comments on Facebook Timeline?
Why do I bother helping people with problems I always get pushed away. I care, listen, and treat them with respect. Why does this happen to me?
Why we take SSE (sum of square error) and RMSE (root mean square error)?
I have  dollar 10,000 to play with. I'm 23 and a baby on the way. What are some ways I can put my money to work?
I am of normal weight for my height, that is 111 lbs. and I am 5' 3\" tall. My boyfriend wants me to gain 50 pounds. What is up with that?
What are the best career options other than medical and engineering fields in india for science streams?
How can Paytm afford regular giveaways and cash back on nearly every transaction?
How do I get my \"groundbreaking\" app idea noticed and also get funding to develop it?
What are some amazing Excel shortcuts, and how are they useful?
What is your least favorite Google product and how can you improve it?
What is the process to convert H1B visa status to H4 visa ? I am currently working on H1B and would be leaving my job to convert it into an H4
If Armenia recognized Khojaly genocide, would Turkey and Azerbaijan accepted the Armenian genocide was real?
How many hours a day does one need to study for mechanical, civil, and electrical engineering for a 1st year student to get the best CGPA?
What are typical revenue share terms if one party promotes, and the other provides digital products for sale?
League of Legends: What are the strengths and weaknesses of Singed?
As a mixed white and Indian British couple travelling through North and South Carolina and Georgia is it likely that we will experience any racism?
What are the most interesting products and innovations that Forrester Research is coming out with in 2016?
My girlfriend gets jealous when I talk to other girls, but she talks and texts other guys endlessly. Why is she being unfair?
What are the pros and cons of having a pet mouse?
What is the setting and plot of the Wizard Of Oz?
What can I achieve if I continuously run 3km daily and perform no other exercise for the next 2 months?
When I go to to parties I drink a considerable amount of alcohol and I don't get drunk, same thing with weed. Why don't they effect me?
What is the meaning of verse John 7:38 and should it be taken literally? Also, what do the living waters look like?
How can the relationship between language and culture be best described?
Is it possible to filter human urine and use it for irrigation?
I recently saw a conversation between my guy and his ex and it was pretty flirty. She clearly hasn't moved on and he enjoys the clinginess. How do I get him to fully commit to our relationship?
What are the pros and cons of doing an MBA abroad?
Would it be reasonable for a software engineer with four years of experience in the air force and a computer science BS degree to ask for a 100k to 130k salary to work in Seattle area?
Saying there is infinite energy in zero point energy and infinite virtual particles in vacuum energy, is this a real or just a mathematical thing?
Sometimes I dream about a future event, and then it happens to me in real life. Why so?
Why do people pose for photos with their hands open and positioned over their head? I have provided a photo of Sia to give a visual as to what I mean.
I want to start writing. How and where do I start?
Which is the best superhero movie and the best dialogue of that movie?
How do you upload movies on YouTube and monetize them? Is there any issue of copyright
If I am arrested, can afford a lawyer, do not have a lawyer, and when the police start questioning me say, \"I want a lawyer,\" what happens next?
What is Quora's answer collapse policy? What types of answers and reviews aren't allowed on Quora?
How do we make the kids aware of our cultural epics like Mahabharata and Ramayana when all they've known is that Bheem lived in Dholakpur?
I'm in a private limited company in India. I did not file income tax returns from FY 08-09 until now. My auditor says he can file only for FY 1213 and FY 1314. How can I file returns for other, previous years? If the due date has passed, can I still pay interest and tax and file?
Which branch of the US military is better to join in terms of safety and benefits: the Army or the Air Force?
How do you explain Machine Learning and Data Mining to non Computer Science people?
What is a love bite and how do you give someone one?
What is it like to be a loner and have bipolar disorder?
I need to refund a buyer on PayPal. They opened a dispute and told me to accept their refund request. Where can I click to accept the request?
If you had all the time and money in the world, what would you do?
Why allow \u2018refugees\u2019 in Europe when most of them are illegal immigrants and rapes take place massively at every country with many of them?
Which is the best college to study for an MBA: The William and Mary, Suny Buffalo or Cincinnati MBA keeping job placements in mind?
Will I become a billionaire if I am determined to be one and put in the necessary work required?
Where is Mount Villarica located and how does its eruptive history compare to Mount Vesuvius?
Are there job opportunities for instrumentation and control graduates from India in EPC companies in Singapore?
Should I learn basic Photoshop and Illustrator before starting to learn game development?
If I copied all NASA documents and can kidnap five experts to work for me, who should I choose and how much money do I need to go to the Moon?
Where can I get a large range of skip bins and mini bins for hire in Sydney?
What are the best psychedelic rock songs and how do they effect our mind?
Among Sony Ericsson, IBM, Accenture and Deloitte, which is the best company in everything?
What are the strongest majors in terms of job prospects and what are the weakest majors at BYU?
Which branch I should choose in MBA, and what should be my goal (I expect 85-90 percentile in CAT 2016)?
I have a masters in hospital Administration from India and 4 yrs of work ex in a super speciality hospital, how can I get a job in USA?
Is there any political way to solve India and Pakistan border issues?
How can I reset my iPhone 5 when I don't remember my passcode and don't remember iCloud password as well?
What is the electrical double layer (related to adsorption and surfaces) and how does it change based on ionic strength? What are other relevant facts one should know?
Is it safe to eat apple and other fruits and vegetables without peeling the waxed skin?
Can a musician perform live with BIAS FX and what would they need for that?
My classmate has an incredible high school resume - and being the academically competitive person I am - I've constantly felt jealous. Any advice?
Which IDE is each best for Java, Python, C++ and web development (HTML, CSS, PHP and JavaScript)?
What is the difference between LLP company and private limited company?
What was the significance of the battle of Somme, and how did this battle compare and contrast to the Battle of Jassin?
Which is the best compiler to learn c and c++ programing as a beginner?
Can you make a living setting up and running a charity?
How will people make money to pay for bills and buy products if automation take all or most jobs?
In US English why is Caucasian not considered a politically incorrect term, and consequently still regularly utilised in speech?
How can I strength my leg while running and walking for long distances? I got a pain in blood veins while running
Is it true that an Indian army officer can't marry before 25 and without the permission of their seniors? If yes, why?
What is the study pattern and how to apply for sat in medical field?
What happened to Wikipedia's page, documenting and describing, all the successful superluminal speed experiments?
How do I get out of this IT company and join some real software company?
How do I get job opportunities and how do I settle in New Zealand?
What is a suitable inpatient drug and alcohol rehab center in Independence County AR?
What are some local laws in regards to nudity in Vermont, and how do they differ from nudity laws in Louisiana?
What is the difference between 4-6 reps and 8-12 reps in weight lifting?
How do I ask a question on Quora and what should I ask?
When and how did the rivalry between Kammas and Kapu castes start in Andhra region?
What are the most common coffee faults, and how do you detect them?
I have three text files. One has row number, second has column number and the last one has the data value in it. What is the best way to call them in a sparse matrix format so that Python can read it and execute sparse solvers using Scipy libraries?
Do people with epilepsy experience blank out and often forget something?
What is the average salary offered for a PHP and Perl Developer in India?
Has Hillary Clinton ever in her life accepted full blame and responsibility for something that went badly?
My boyfriend is so slow in the morning and it annoys me so much?
Is the difference between glasses with prescription lenses and glasses with plain glass lenses readily noticeable?
Where was game 6 of the 2011 World Series held and what were the teams that played?
I'm in my 40s and only have  dollar 40,000 to invest. Where and what should I invest in for maximum return for my retirement but low risk?
What are the expected questions from and interviewer if my project is about Captcha?
I blocked a friend on Snapchat but he has saved/tapped few of my old messages and in turn I also saved/tapped one of his old messages, can he still send me snaps/messages?
What are some good software that can be easily used to do synthesis in kinematics of machines and to design a mechanism for a 2nd year mechanical student?
As an electrical engineering student, which programming languages and computer softwares do I need to learn to use?
To what extent do the cases of Trayvon Martin and Michael Brown suggest that racism still remains a significant problem in our country?
What do Mormons believe about heaven and how does this affect them?
What are the best blogs and sites to follow for marketing?
How many times would a black hole with mass of Jupiter need to suddenly appear and disappear in front of spacecraft in order to reach speed 1/3c?
Is there a way to install Laravel and all the dependencies without using Composer?
I have to create CAD models of tubes having length 10mm and c/s varying from 1mm to 100mm each time iterating by 1mm, can I do this using codes?
Can an idea be right and wrong at the same time?
I am at a pre-revenue and pre-prototype stage with my bootstrapped healthtech startup and have a customer asking when I will be market ready. Is it time to find an angel investor?
How do I export master data from Profit Books and import it to TallyHow do I?
If I want to improve my writing skills and communication, which books should I follow?
What is the difference between \"I can get no piece of mind\" and \"I can't get no piece of mind\"?
How do I calculate number of bricks and cement required for a room ?
When I watch a movie or television show, is all the dialogue and sound I'm hearing dubbed in after the fact?
ESO QUESTION.How do I get good armour? Im a khajit dragon knight 176 champion p and I dont know anything about having good armour I need alot of help?
Why are my lymph nodes itchy and swollen from occipital to cervical posterior ones?
What are the environmental impacts of the tourism industry and how does it negatively impacted Amsterdam?
How Phase shifts in different transistor configurations that are CE,CB and CC take place? What tranistor action makes that happen?
I am looking fr place to stay in Chennai from where MCity and Thuraipakkam are same distance.whch is decent area to stay in between above two places?
What text editor should I use and specially for c programming language?
Can I upgrade my PS3 to PS4 and play PS4 games by any means?
What do Indian grooms and brides do on the wedding night?
How did Hollywood movies lost innocence and family values? How Playboy started in 1953 influenced the Hollywood and American culture?
How can hemangioma formation of the skin and subcutaneous tissue be prevented?
What is the difference between ex and former or they are the same?
If some other religious communities scatter and flee their country, what would they be called? Please define the meaning of diaspora.
What is the difference between Adderall and Cocaine, assuming the Cocaine is pure?
My ex-girlfriend texted me after 3 months and told me how happy she is now with her new boyfriend and enjoying life. Why does it make me feel lonely and sad?What should I do?
Which is the best call taxi and cab service in Chennai?
What is the solution for loneliness and homesickness in an unpleasant college atmosphere?
How long does it take to master algorithms and data structures to get a job at Amazon as SDE?
What is a learning disorder and what are the symptoms and treatment?
I feel Prozac helping after 6 weeks but not enough. some days I'm good and some bad and some hopeless. Do I maybe need a higher dose or wait longer?
What are some of the best companies in the UAE and the KSA for mechanical engineers from India? How do they hire?
How can we Deal with a Quarrelsome and Nagging Indian Wife?
Will my laptop with 4 GB of RAM and i3 processor get slower if I install both Ubuntu and Windows 10 without vm?
You have nine balls of the same size. Eight of them weigh the same, and one of them weighs slightly more or less. How can you find the ball that is different by using a balance and only three weightings?
I have completed my B.Sc and have experience of 2+ years in Infosys and continuing MCA in Ignou. How can I proceed in future?
My wisdom tooth is hurting but it has come out well and I floss there. So why is it hurting then?
What are the strongest majors in terms of job prospects and what are the weakest majors at Westminster College?
What is the situation in Burundi and the situation in Iraq and Syria?
Who are the most non-martial and peaceful nations/people in human history?
Where are people most likely to drop pennies and other coins? Where are they least likely?
How do I link my cab with ola and UBER? What is basic criteria?
My crush had sex in middle school, and this makes me very uncomfortable. How can I get over this?
What is the minimum age to buy a handgun in Missouri, and how does it differ in Alaska?
How can l be more concentrated and stop being absent -minded?
Is there intelligent life elsewhere in the universe, and does it have the ability to travel outside of its planet?
I am a 14 year old boy. I feel like I am waiting for something and it never arrives. What is wrong with me?
Which are the best free/paid sites and online tools to prepare for CAT?
Why do some people only hate Islam and not other religions?
How do conjugations in Greek, Latin and Sanskrit compare to each other?
What are good topics for quantity surveying and project management related research?
What are the main and most important causes and effects of population growth?
What are the best sites to practice aptitude and logical reasoning questions?
Do more black Americans live in rural or urban America and why is \"black culture\" often referred to as urban?
What is the meaning of GNWL65/WL27, and what are the chances of getting these seats confirmed?
In SD card, sum of memory occupied to apps etc. is 7 GB and its total storage space is 14.62 GB but it shows 0.94 GB is available. How it is possible?
Will Donald Trump's reforms work with the American people? Will it hurt the people from India who are doing their MS and/or PhD and trying to find jobs there? Will it hurt the IT people in H1B visa?
Can someone view your snapchat story if I delete them and on custom mode? And if they can, can I see that they viewed my story?
I am male, 17 years, 6\u2032 2\u2033 and 84 kg. Is it okay? How can I stop my height growth?
What is the difference between JBL T100A and JBL T150A headphones in terms of specification?
I asked my friend out and she said maybe, what should I do?
Why does an airplane pilot switch off the cabin lights before take off and landing? Why are other precautions followed?
What is the best way to remove white heads from my face and prevent them from appearing again?
What is a good inpatient drug and alcohol rehab center near Cleveland County AR?
How is Hillary Clinton in real life? Is she nice and approachable? Is she genuinely kind-hearted?
What are other alternatives to Covey's First Things First and Robbin's Rapid Planning Method time management systems?
What does upload mean while we are downloading something using torrent and why does it even continue after the download is complete?
What are the pros and cons of having your pet neutered?
Why can't I find a girl and have sex with her?
How much did Ancient Rome and China know about each other?
Is the story of Maharaja Jai Singh buying Rolls Royce cars and making them corporation vehicles to snub the haughty Englishmen true?
When I login Paytm\u2026 While adding money payment window Skiped and directly order summary window opend\u2026 How to add money?
What is the meaning of 32 bit processor and also 64 bit processor?
Could I watch the JUST the XYZ Pok\u00e9mon series and get the full Team Flare story as portrayed in the anime?
If one was to teach about Mt. Everest, the culture around it and the expeditions there, what would be essential to cover?
What is the historical background of Cinese workers on Australian gold mines, and how does gold production the compare to the production in Canada?
The CEO of my company happily agreed to sit down and grab coffee with me. What should I ask him?
How do I get over the fear and shame of speaking in an Indian accent in the US?
If a Bollywood movie were made on the life and career of Pravin Togadia what would be its opening scene?
How likely would it be for the electoral college to meet and vote differently than the general vote this year?
Ampthill, Bedfordshire, UK: What would be the pros and cons of pedestrianising the town centre?
Why do I have to pay to see my credit score and why am I not alerted automatically when there are changes?
As a soldier how do you feel when you first kill someone and how did you get over the feelings?
What is the difference in application between the Chezy and Manning formulas in fluid dynamics?
Is there any particular reason(s) why Kompas Media (online, print and TV) has been vigorously attacking Ahok, current Governor of Jakarta?
What is the academic pressure and workload at the University of Dayton like?
How do communication systems make or break an administrators ability to control and direct the policies of his or her organization?
Do we know what is on the side and in back of a black hole?
What is the difference between EF Hand and helix-turn-helix protein motifs?
Who are the agents for the biggest actors and directors in Hollywood?
A train and a bus arrive at the station at random between 9 AM and 10 AM. The train stops for 10 minutes, and the bus stops for x minutes. How can I find x so that the probability that the bus and the train will meet equals 0.5?
What is the deep/dark web and how do you access it?
Is there a way to essentially blink and change your eye colour?
Why is it complicated for American people to use hyphenated first names and not confuse second part of the name with a middle name?
I am a quitter, a negative thinker, emotionally weak and a coward. How can I change myself?
What is the difference between a level 0, level 1 and level 2 on Mexico KMZ File?
Why do Chinese consider the agreements between Britain and China after the Opium War 'unequal' but the agreements between Tibet and the invading armies of the Mongols perfectly equal and valid - which form the basis for China's claim to Tibet?
Should a skinny guy do cycling and exercise? Won't I get even more skinny if I do them?
What is the difference between charge, ion, and electron, how do they flow?
Why do I always remain depressed and sad all the time?
Is there any possibility of interbred between homo sapiens and homo floresiensis and do these interbred genes still exist?
How can I build my career in computer science and engineering being a mechanical engineering student?
If I allowed someone remote access to my webcam and microphone, how do I make sure it's revoked?
If a good is manufactured outside of the US by a US company and is then sold in the US does that mean it is exported from the country of manufacture and imported into the US? So, for example if Apple manufactures their iPhones in China and then brings them back to the US does that count as an exported good from China on China's balance sheets and an imported good on the US's balance sheets?
I am very much interested in Android app development and I even dunno its basic requirements so how can I progress in this field?
Do people in Shanghai, Nanjing and Hangzhou speak the same language?
Why don't women understand that staring is hardcoded in men and opposing it means making men unnatural (see the video) ?
Do the two phrases \"from January to October\" and \"January through October\" have the same meaning?
How much does it cost Tesla to build a model S and what is the cost breakdown?
Who are some lesser known important historical figures of Denmark, and what should people know about them?
Is there any service out there where a non-tech founder can describe a product and a tech consultant can advise on the optimal high level architecture?
Which is a good inpatient drug and alcohol rehab center in Lafayette County AR?
What are the most interesting products and innovations that Air Products & Chemicals is coming out with in 2016?
Is it possible to have an anonymous answer and a public comment in the same question?
What is the best way to not think about your ex and the negative things that's happened?
How are careers in botany changing and what's necessary to stay current?
What is Arnab Goswami doing nowadays and what could be his plans for 2017?
How do I save ships and souls from sinking? I have a unique invention to do so, and I need connections to bring this invention to reality. What should I do?
Arctan (10/10sqrt(3)) =pi/6. I get 0.523598\u2026 radians and I do not know how to convert to pi/6. can anyone help me?
How do people from European countries like Britain and Portugal feel about being more influenced by their former colonies than the other way around?
I unable to score well in class 11 in CBSE and still aiming for IIT. Do I worth this dream?
What is density index of soil and why it is useful in soil mechanics?
What are the procedures to register a company and its employees in India?
I want to make a cDNA; there are oligo-anchored primers and random hexamer primers. What's the difference and which one should I choose?
How do I become a safety officer in GAIL and what are the educational qualification needed?
What are the different types of agriculture and how are they practiced?
What are your short-term and long-term goals for the next 5 years?
What are the steps of cellular respiration and how are they carried out?
Which is the best startup in India and is that startup useful for people?
I have an excellent app idea and I am also a developer. How can I market my app idea and get funded to start my app development?
What is difference between bicycle kick and scissor kick in football?
Are the Australian Aboriginals darker because they lived in Africa and Asia before they came to Australia?
Once the umbilical cord is cut and the mother and baby are separate, where does the cord go?
Where can I get specialist services in interior and exterior painting in North Sydney?
Which are the best coaching centres for IBPS-PO and RBI grade B in Bangalore?
3D Modeling: How much does it cost to create 3D interior and exterior renderings of houses?
What are the best annoying spam emails and phone calls to sign my ex up for?
Bollywood: Why do Hrithik Roshan and Kangana Ranaut send legal notices to each other?
Which type of wire is good for AC and DC current: solid-core, single-strand wire or stranded wire?
What is the deepest lake in Europe, and how does this lake's flora and fauna compare to that of Lake Hula?
What are some things which can make you feel happy and lucky when your mood is down?
My friend lost her mother last year. She doesn't have siblings and she is all alone. How can I motivate her to live a happy life?
How can i earn by a website? If there is no ad and it is not a e commerce site. If any one sign up or visit my website, will i get money?
What is the difference between revenge and justice? Suppose that someone kills my friend and I killed that person back. Is this revenge or justice for my friend's death?
I have several texts and one picture that I chose from my photos on my phone and sent through Snapchat that will not delete. How do I delete them?
My dad's abusing me, my husband's abusing me and my mom's abusing me, what should I do?
I'm looking for a non-smartphone with no camera and no internet access but with a qwerty keyboard. What are your suggestions?
Which is a suitable inpatient drug and alcohol rehab center in Burke County GA?
What would happen here on earth if the ISS exploded and all evidence pointed to it being intentional?
What is the Lewis dot diagram for CO, and how is it determined?
What happens if a plane must make an emergency landing and spend time in a country where the passengers would normally require a pre-acquired visa?
What is the difference between theme, topic and main idea in essay writing?
As Go becomes popular because of its simplicity and great standard library, why don't we just build a great library in C and use C instead?
What are the differences between VPNs and port forwarding? What are the similarities? What should a newbie know?
What are the differences between true north and magnetic north? What are their similarities?
What life advice would you give to a wife who lives with a man who does not talk to her or anyone else in the family, lost his job 5 years ago, and doesn't talk to his children? She manages the household on her own. Is it okay for her to just be happy managing things and enjoying the kids?
Should I take a gap year? I'm 16 years old and I'm graduating this year. I live in Ukraine and we have only 11 grades. I want to attend an Ivy League.
Are the boy killed Malcolm (Bruce Willis) and the boy who watch ghost the same in the Sixth Sense movie?
How can I get MOOCs/E-learning through online web and video courses related to photography developed by Indian professors?
How do the holy scriptures of Hinduism compare and contrast to those of Taoism?
What is the relationship between goals and principles of civic education and democracy?
Is Rohit sharma is unsung hero? Why we forget him every time and give credits to kohli, raina etc.?
What are some tips for teaching math and science in a fun way?
What are the ways you guys watch anime? I use Netflix, Youtube, and this app called Watch Anime. And how do I find new anime too?
I suck at programming and I can't get a job what should I do?
What are the signs of a chemical reaction and does the type of chemical used give a different sign?
Airplanes: What was the burning wire/equipment smell and red light flashing on China Eastern A330 in Business Class cabin?
How I improve my logical thinking and problem solving skills day by day as a developer?
I'm separated and have met a new partner but my two daughters (15 and 11) don't want to meet her. what can I do?
How do I focus on my CAT prep as my GF has left me and my boss has expelled me from my job and I am sitting list a loser at home?
Is the white spider poisonous, and how does it compare and contrast to the wall spider?
How will I know which mahadasha and antardasha are good or bad for me?
What are some examples of proverbs and sayings in Indonesian that are frequently used in conversation?
Every time I start my PC it shows some error and it restarts. How do I run a repair now? Can I run repair from startup?
Do you think about life and what is your philosophy of life?
Why does the Android platform use the word root and iOS use jailbreaking? Does it not produce the same outcome or is it a whole different thing?
What does it means when a girl asks you for a coffee one day and doesn't seems so interested the other day?
What popular social apps started off by using fake profiles and bots to create an initial user base when they first launched?
Should a potential US presidential candidate be required to take a mental and physical fitness check-up before nomination?
I told a girl in a relationship that I liked her and she says she never know what's going to happen to her relationship. What does that mean?
How would we update our phone number in the UAN (Universal Account Number) portal to login to the UAN portal and manage an EPFO account, if we don't have our registered mobile with us or our service is disconnected?
GDP, GNP, HDI, GINI Index. Can someone briefly and non-technical language define them? Also, how to tell if a country is economically and socially prosperous?
My older sister just broke up with her boyfriend and she's crying, what should I do?
Who are some lesser known important historical figures of Croatia and what should people know about them?
What is the disadvantage of bifurcation of Andhra Pradesh into Seemandra and Telangana on the rural areas of Seemandhra?
What are the names of some of the top service and product based startups in India?
A 2H inductor is in series with a 11\u03bcF capacitor and a 390\u03a9 resistor, at what freq will the circuit resonate? Also what is the Q factor & bandwidth?
My friend took advantage of me and stole some expensive things.WTF do I do?
Can I carry an old personal laptop and a business laptop while international travel?
How do I forgive my mother for hurting me repeatedly and doesn't think it was wrong?
What happens if a mosquito gets under your eyelid and you can't get all the parts out?
What is the meaning of automatic route, FIPB route, etc. of FDI? What are the pro and cons of each entry gate within the Indian economy? What is the rationale behind choosing one over the other?
Which college to choose between University of North Carolina at Charlotte and Oklahoma State University in MS in Computer Science?
In your opinion, what were the social, economic, and political changes that most contributed to the rise of Florence and the ideas of Machiavelli?
I've read that movies like the Wizard of Oz and Alice in Wonderland are being used to program our brain. How do we get out?
How does strong force bind protons and neutrons in the nucleus?
What is the scope to apply analytics and software in MBA? Say finance.
I am expecting 140 marks in my JEE Mains paper 2 and 85 percent percent in the 12 RBSE board exam. What nit college can I get?
How can you obtain a fishing license and how long does it take?
Saying that there's infinite energy in zero point energy and infinite virtual particles in vacuum energy, is this a real or just a mathematical thing?
What electric device can protect and control against overloads and short circuits?
Is it necessary to give TOEFL for students having icse 10th and state board in +2 for admission in MIT?
Who can help me do a feasibility study on newspapers and other media (radio, TV, telemarketing etc.) in California?
Where did the term \"Drumpf\" come from and what does it mean? Why do people write Drumpf instead of Trump?
Embedded Systems: What are the ways to interface rf transmitter and receiver to an 8051 microcontroller?
I sense my 21 yearold boyfriend to be a pedo/hebephile. I'm utterly disgusted and would never want to have a daughter with him despite him wanting to
Can allowing citizens to posses dual citizenship of both Pakistan and India, reduce tensions between the two countries?
How do I add videos from youtube to a playlist and then download that playlist?
What are the modules of cloud computing and which one is the best?
What is the historical background of Chinese workers in Australian gold mines, and how does their gold production compare to the production in the US?
Adult Question: If you could have sex with any one man or woman in history, and you wanted to ensure the survivability of your gene, who would you choose?
Find sp when cp is X and gain is rs4 percent?
Why is pewter so expensive, and how does its properties compare to those of silver?
What would the world economic and political balance be like if the British and French decolonization had not happened?
How do I stream video live and online from a Canon 5D Mark II?
How were the Chowk, Chawri Bazar and Rajiv Chowk underground metro stations in Delhi built?
What routine and exercises should I do in order to lose around 10-12 kg of weight and look fit? I currently am 89 kg. How many months will it take me to get in shape?
My husband and I have been waiting for one year to adopt in the U.S. We are \"hipster\" types of people because we are tattooed and we know that we would appeal to a certain type of expectant mother but not all. I'm a teacher and my husband is a musician. What creative ways can we meet a creative expectant mom?
Which is a suitable inpatient drug and alcohol rehab center in Monroe County IL?
If A implies B, and B implies C, does A imply C?
What is happiness for you, and what would make you happy right now?
What are the effects of the divided government during the Truman administration and did it have a positive or negative effect?
I asked a girl out who was one of my friends,I really liked that girl,but she refused and friendzoned me. How can I overcome this really bad feeling?
What does positive displacement and non positive displacement mean in case of pumps?
Why is red wine usually served at room temperature and white wine (especially champagne) served chilled?
What does it feel like to eat and poop at the same time?
What can I do with my life, and when I can do?
I really like this guy. He has a girlfriend, but we talk all the time and it seems like he flirts with me. How do I get him to like me?
Discuss the factors which influence the strength of timber and explain how the strength of timber is assessed in practice?
Who are some lesser known important historical figures of Austria and what should people know about them?
Can i get good job now as I have done mba major in finance and minor in marketing in 2013 ,but thereafter I am jobless till now, my age is 27?
Can any one suggest me some jobs SAP ui5, as I have completed my training and done some projects on sample odata services?
What are recent examples of segregation, discrimination, and just overall going against our U.S rights and being the opposite of nationalistic?
I feel like crying. I am not proud of the stuff I do to make me happy. I think about killing myself and I believe I have no real friends. How can I overcome this? Why am I depressed?
How much does a guy's skin color matter to girls? I am 23, dark skinned and I've never been in any relationship.
Are there any non-Iranian women on Quora who married Iranian men? How is your experience with your in-laws and other Iranians? What are some culture related challenges you face?
Where should I donate blood in Mumbai were it will be used and not get wasted (due to non usage)?
How is it to work with the Military Engineering Services and the Indian Navy Armament Services after clearing UPSC Indian engineering services from mechanical engineering?
What's the difference between a V6 and a flat 6 engine? And which is more powerful?
At what point do a sperm cell and an egg become a boy or a girl?
A man selling two articles for1080 rupees.On first he earns 20 percent profit and on other he earns 40 percent profit.what is his overall profit percent?
What is a good inpatient drug and alcohol rehab center near Drew County AR?
What has been new/change on JBoss 6.4 as comparing and finding out from JBoss 6.3 version?
Why did Hillary Clinton wear red and Donald Trump wear blue for the debate last night?
What are the differences between the US and Russian space shuttles?
Can a man actually hunt shark and kills it in the water with just a knife or bare hands?
What is a good inpatient drug and alcohol rehab center near Maricopa County Arizona?
I've done my 10+2 this year in science. I didn't study well, so I'm not going to score. I don't have interests in science, commerce, and arts, though I like music production. I'm thinking of getting into a commerce stream. Would it be hard, or should I continue with science?
In an old doctor Who show, he threw a ball at another ship and rode the ball to it,could this work?
What is a good inpatient drug and alcohol rehab center in Bell County KY?
How can I watch the whole movie and tv shows on the teeevo app?
What is the financial difference between leasing a car and buying it at the end of a lease versus buying a car and selling it at the end of 36 months?
Does Donald Trump know his hair and and skin doesn't look good?
Why do some first borns have internal rage issues and antagonism towards their younger siblings?
What is the difference between National Pension Scheme (NPS) and Atal Pension Yojna (APJ) in India? Which one should I elect at the age of 30?
I am 30 and have an offer for PhD of CS from Waterloo/UBC and also SWE position from Google/MS/FB. Which one should I choose?
Can I get non creamylayer certificate in Gujarat as my father's income is more than 6 lakh and belongs to Class 3 employee of Gujarat government?
What is VPN (virtual private network) and what are its advantages and disadvantages?
How come it is difficult to study MBA finance and banking for an engineering graduate?
How do I regain the enthusiasm and motivation in life for anything?
What are the strongest majors in terms of job prospects and what are the weakest majors at Yale?
Is it normal for a nose piercing to sink in and disappear during the healing process?
Is life in modern times all about earning money by working like hell and using that money in your old age to pay medical bills?
How do I save my password automatically (without prompting and letting users know) when someone browses to any site in Chrome?
Do insurance companies underwrite winnings for the lottery and other games of chance? If so, how does it work?
Is Edward Gibbon's The History of the Decline and Fall of the Roman Empire historically accurate?
My mother has brown eyes and my father has blue eyes and yet I have green eyes. How is that possible?
Where does the water from the Great Lakes come from, and how does these lakes wildlife compare to Mjosa?
How can I learn focusing and memorizing as a medical student?
I just called a woman fat, and it's too late. Would an apology work?
What's it like to marry someone without realizing they are really rich \u2014 and to realize that later \u2014 or to be in a serious relationship for a long time and then find out they are really rich?
Is it possible to accidentally split an atom and cause a nuclear explosion?
What causes hiccups after you eat and how can you rid yourself of them?
How can I get rid of a cough and scratchy throat fast?
Do I need to learn data structure and algorithms to become good in embedded system?
Which are some of the best VC firms and Startup Accelerators you are aware of?
Which is a good inpatient drug and alcohol rehab center near Wheeler County GA?
What are the differences between laparoscopy and endoscopy? How are they similar?
Have you tried Death Wish Coffee and how did you feel afterwards?
What is the overall difference between fascism and communism? How do they compare in their views on capitalism?
If a girl looks at you from a distance repeatedly and without breaking contact, does that mean she likes you?
What is the importance of education to the United States and how are their views of education different from Poland's?
If Street Fighter's M Bison (known in Japan as Vega) and Yujiro Hanma had a fight to the death, who would win?
What is the difference between a kernel and an operating system?
Which is the best ETL tool to learn and which has good job opportunities?
How could World War III occur, transpire, and conclude without any nuclear bombs seeing use?
Does China understand that Taiwan is a democracy and that the people in Taiwan have nothing to gain by reunification?
What are the legal separation laws in PA and how do they compare with the ones in California?
Who are some popular female television show characters who do not want and never have children throughout the duration of their television show?
What is the best country to work and to have cheap healthcare?
What was different between a British WW1 soldier and a WW2 one in terms of uniform, equipment and training?
Which animal is protected by law in Indonesia and Malaysia? Why is this done?
Who will win the 7th match between Puneri Paltan and Dabang Delhi in Pro Kabaddi Season 4 2016?
What is the difference between reference and bibliography? They are same or not?
Where can I find past ACM ICPC regionals and finals questions with solutions?
My sister is getting married and We are planning for riverwalk wedding so we are looking for venue and wedding package in Texas. Can anyone what is?
How can you propose to a girl who is blind, deaf, dumb and not educated without touching her?
What are the most interesting products and innovations that O'Reilly Auto Parts is coming out with in 2016?
Are white people born after 1994 and living in ghettos in South Arica responsible for apartheid?
Who has physically died and been brought back to our physical life?
What are reasonable restrictions and savings clauses in franchise disclosure documents?
What would your funeral be like if you died tomorrow? Who would want to speak, and what would they say about you if they were being honest?
What is the difference between rate of reaction and rate of concentration change of reactant or product?
Why do ancient Greek sculptures and statues all feature small penises?
How do I find the number, name and locality of a person?
What's the diference between Intel Core i7 6500U with HD 520 and i3 6100U with HD 520 in terms of performance in games?
Spanish is the most beautiful and second most popular language on the world, is it right?
Why do babies, being held in arms, begin crying when we sit down, and then stop crying when we stand back up?
How do I practice drawing and draw like Kim Jung Gi?
Non-Mexican Latinos: How do other Latin countries and Latinos feel about Trump. Do they also take offense to what he has said?
How much are the big DJs like DV & LM, Hardwell and Armin Van Buuren paid for performing at festivals like tomorrowland or UMF?
Can you use PayPal funds/credit and a debit card to make a purchase?
What are the strongest majors in terms of job prospects and what are the weakest majors at Valparaiso University?
If I bought an Ebook in pdf format, do I have the right to print a hard copy to read and lend to anyone who wishes to read the book too, legally?
How does it feel to be a Dortmund fan? What is the feeling for the players like Gotze and Lewandoski when they leave for other clubs?
What is the most amazing, cost-effective and real gift you can give to your girlfriend on her birthday?
What do you think about atheists and those who do not believe in God?
Is this sentence grammatically correct and good as it is written?
How do I calculate extra top and bottom bar in a beam?
What is the difference between a body traveling with constant positive velocity and a body accelerating with constant acceleration? Isn't it the same?
Career Advice: I am planning to take a drop for one year to prepare for the JEE and other such exams once again. What are some other activities/courses that I can take up to keep myself occupied and also develop an alternate skill that I can develop as a career option later on?
If a women loses attraction for her husband and loses interest in sex, is it permanent, or can the marriage still be saved?
Nightlife: Is it legal discrimination when bars and clubs allow women to dance on pedastols but do not allow men to do the same?
Why is the awareness related to Cyber crimes are too low in India and why are the students are not given a oppurtunity to get to know to it even though they learn Network security?
How do France's economic activities compare and contrast to those of Colombia?
What should be done when someone has feelings for you and you don't really feel but care for her?
If 7 at 3=5, 8 at 4=3, and 9 at 5=1, what is 6 at 5?
What is the mystery and secret of the Bermuda Triangle and where is it located?
My 2TB external WD drive is not working and is under warranty, does the manufacturer help with the data recovery?
How can I stop being indecisive and become a fast thinker?
What would you advice to a 24yr old young man that has been very unfortunate and not really achieved much in life to give him that extra edge in life or something valuable?
I don't actually like clicking selfies or having many pics clicked when I go for tours. Also I don't like FB and people who spend the whole day faking themselves. Am I missing something?
How do you roll long shirt sleeves up and not have them fall down?
How are careers in audio and video production changing and what's necessary to stay current?
I have started this new website www.cinemaparadizo.com - how and where should I promote it to drive more traffic and generate a loyal reader base?
Can someone tell me why Quora collapsed my answer and what can I do to get it uncollapsed?
Why don't we just quit voting and let president rule be implemented all over India?
Why does the US curse itself by not listening to the majority and only the elites that want good for their benefit not the peoples?
I am not doing good in school. I moved to a country state and I am from Detroit. how would I restart?
What are the various rituals and ceremonies that happen in Indian weddings?
What are the requirements to be considered for the United States Air Force and how do these requirements compare to Canada's?
It feels terrible to know that you can't marry that one person whom you love truly, madly, deeply and the one that means the world to you. What should I do to comfort myself from this feeling given that marriage is not gonna happen?
How and where can a second-year metallurgical and materials engineering undergraduate from NIT can get internship?
What are the necessary conditions for setting up a private power plant in India and abroad as a branch of a construction company?
How much do Jared Padalecki and Jensen Ackles get paid per episode of Supernatural?
If my boyfriend decided to leave because I wrote an angry email while drunk and decided he can't deal with women drama?
How do you make a series of loops which creates arrays and tokenizes information previously saved in a text document and fills the arrays (in java)?
Sodium has a mass number of 23 and atomic number of 11. what is the number of neutrons and electrons in sodium?
Can you get affected at all if you touch a weed nugget and then put your finger in your mouth?
I feel diziness while traveling in the bus and then I vomit . Why does this happen? Is there any treatment to get rid of this?
What is the closest airport to Niagara Falls, Canada, and how does this cities climate compare to Miami's?
Why are all US banknotes the same size and color when all other countries (that I am aware of) use different colors and sizes of banknotes?
Why there is difference in search results of google, Bing and Yahoo? Does they follow different algorithms? And How can i optimise a site for different search engines?
What is a good inpatient drug and alcohol rehab center near Jefferson County FL?
What are the differences between gingivitis and periodontitis? How are they treated?
What are the environmental impacts of the tourism industry and how does it negatively impacted London?
What does he mean by saying he won't text me anymore while he still says he loves and misses me? He wants me to find a better guy. Could it be true?
How can I Publish Theses on Endocrinology and Metabolism on International Library for thesis?
Texting guys: this guy messages me every night and we text for hours, then he stops replying and texts me again the next night. But doesn't message me in the day. Why?
Can we make a complete and functional brain using bioengineering and stem cells or similar?
I got placed in Cognizant under a testing profile (quality engineering and assurance). I'm a BSc graduate. What are all of the preparations that I should do before joining? How good is this time for me?
What is it like flying from Bangkok to Manila and how are these touristic cities compared to Tokyo?
I have laptop, smart phone, driving license and 1500 dollar  ..what project I could launch with what I have?
In the DNC, who decides the sequence/importance of the speeches and does the speeches need to be approved?
Is it possible to differentiate between a non-Jewish Iranian name and a Jewish Iranian name? If so, what are some common examples where they overlap?
Who are the main characters of \"End Of The Game\" by Julio Cortazar, and how do they relate within the novel?
What is your proudest accomplishment and how did you achieve it?
What does it feel like to be stalked and have people after you?
What was the significance of the battle of Somme, and how did this battle compare and contrast to the Battle of Rostov?
Are there any public spaces to sit and play chess in Bangalore?
How do I present a project paper in engineering college and list the technical events happening in india for paper presentation?
What universities for an MS in the US are GRE-centric, meaning the GRE is their 1st preference and they don't consider academics so much, meaning they might take low academics with a high GRE score?
How do I distinguish between face to face arrangements and back to back arrangements in a bearing by looking at the bearings?
I liked him. He liked me. We made out. Then he tells me he has an ex and now he's going to get married to her. How do I deal with the heartache?
How do you learn to manage your manager and your skip level managers?
There are several cars like Tushek and Spigal giving out same power. Why people ain't opting it?
Isn't it time for Indian goverment to change its reservation system for jobs and education from caste based to economic based system?
Is it likely for a student, with a wide spectrum of interests, and the academic powress required, be noticed by MIT or Stanford?
What is the significance of repo and reverse repo rates? How it affects inflation?
Which is a suitable inpatient drug and alcohol rehab center in Chattooga County GA?
What are the best places in and around Pune to go for a romantic date?
Are there parallelisms between the Bible and the book East of Eden by John Steinbeck?
What is the difference between Indian engineers and engineers from other countries? Any incidents to show the difference are welcomed
What should be my steps to move ahead in the field of writing? I am passionate about writing stories and poems. I want to get them published at some noteworthy place. What should I do?
What were the accomplishments of the Lewis and Clark Expedition? How did it influence other explorers?
How can you explain GST and its effects to a layman?
Who had the answer in Quora/military that told the story of how the private sees manure and the admiral sees flowers? Actually came up today.
Politics: Why did John Adams say \"There is nothing which I dread so much as a division of the republic into two great parties, each arranged under its leader, and concerting measures in opposition to each other\"? And do you think he was right?
I have received a bad grade in one of my high school classes. I retook the class online and got an A. Will colleges overlook the bad grade?
How can one differentiate between liking something and liking the idea of something?
Where can I get very professional and reliable envelope printing service in Sydney?
I am 55 years old. I have enough money to live in the 3rd world and a U.S. passport. How can I find my next passion?
How can I make money from home with a computer and an Internet connection without working on anyone's else time example from 9 to 5 pm?
I just saw the new episode of The Big Bang Theory. Was the affair between Einstein and Marilyn Monroe true? Are there any proofs?
What are examples of cephalocaudal and proximodistal patterns of development? What are ways to apply them?
What is the difference between 'das', 'der', 'die' and 'den' in the German language?
What is the importance of Physics, Chemistry and Maths in a job after engineering?
Be good with good and bad with bad, or be good to both?
What do billionaires think about all this protesting and police shooting going on in America? Are they sad and getting angry? Do they even care?
What is order of watching Naruto movies and are they filler or are linked to manga?
I need to log into my old WeChat but can't because my handphone was missing and I didn't log out of my WeChat. What should I do?
What limits the popularity of IIST and IISER in comparison with IIT?
Is it true the Finnish and Korean languages may share a common root?
I have a best friend whom I fell in love with very early. I recently brought that up and realised that she doesnt feel the same way. What can I do to get over her?
Is software engineering only for young people and after 40, is there no career in this field?
I am in my 6th year with my H1-B. My I-140 was approved in September 2014 and my new visa is valid until December 2017. Can I change my job and not choose to file for a new PERM/I-140 since I intend to go back to my country after 2 years for good?
I wake up automatically after some hours (4.30) of sleep and then cannot sleep again. What should I do?
I am a production engineering graduate and want to be a data scientist.where to start?
How do I attach my car with Ola cabs and how much I can expect from it?
What is the difficulty level and syllabus of the BITSAT bonus questions?
What are some real-world uses for 1st, 2nd, and 3rd gear in my car (as opposed to just Drive)?
Which country is the best to move to for someone who wants to make a difference and have an impact in the country's politics?
I want to have Protein X but only once a day will it help me building muscles and not have any side effects at the same time?
How do I transcribe DNA to mRNA and mRNA to protein?
Where can I get very affordable floor maintenance and repair services in Silverwater?
Why does every browser constantly run out of memory and crash with 4 GB RAM in Windows 7 (both 32-bit and 64-bit versions)?
What is the reputation of the University of Pune in India and abroad? How is it ranked when compared with the IIT's?
What's the difference between AAdvantage million miler balance and the program to date miles in my American Airlines account?
What is the difference between puerperium and involution of pelvic organ?
What are the most memorable and funny quotes by PG Wodehouse?
If one must be able to know English to become an American Citizen, and one must be a Citizen to vote, why are ballots in languages other than English?
What are the average temperatures of swamp, and how does the Atchafalaya Swamp compare to the Sudd Swamp?
How does Food Panda work and how does it generate profits?
What are the differences between a pit bull and an American Staffordshire Terrier?
Where can I found affordable building cleaning and maintenance services in Sydney?
How can I run Tor and Tor browser on Ubuntu 14.04?
How is RC circuit a low pass filter and CR circuit a high pass filter?
What were your JEE Main score, boards percentage and rank? (Only Maharashtra Board students)
What is an augmented matrix and how do we find its rank?
What are the pros and cons of fishing with tube flies?
What is some of the best free and paid auto captioning (speech-to-text) software for video?
Is it a waste of time and money to do graduate studies for about 5 years and then not be able to work in your field?
What are someother websites like apuzz.com which provide exact and correct info about job opportunities?
Do all good professional programmers use cool text editors like VIM, VI or Sublime (much easier and helpful) that can still do the job? Do all the good ones end up using VIM?
Does cognizant provide internet access to its employees in the office and are we allowed to use this internet in our own mobile, laptops or any other device?
What is the best project management and CRM system available now?
Countries which are open about sex and does not consider it as taboo?
How can I speed read and also know what I'm reading?
What was Hillary Clinton's mood and reaction when she realized she lost the election?
What is the difference between the House foreign affairs committee and the Senate foreign relations committee?
What is the syllabus for UGC NET paper 1 and is there any book to prepare for it?
Where can I get online test series and mocks for the GATE? What are some tips to prepare for the exams?
Can an Indian citizen vote for both state elections and national elections, or do they have to choose only one?
What US startups have started with a mobile app (iOS and/or Android) first, and then built a static website afterwards?
If an Indian living in India has Western sounding first and last name, does that mean that person is Catholic?
What is the definition of 'knead' and how is it used in a sentence?
Where can I download the entire Naruto and Naruto Shippuden series in English?
What are the best scenes and quotes from \"12 Dancing Princesses\"?
Iam very frustrated with my husband habbits(smoking drinking and enjoying with friends)and attitude. what I must do to change him?
I am Java developer who wants to learn Node.js and AngularJS. How should I start to learn them?
What does the lymphatic system do exactly and what is meant by lymphatic drainage?
A normal human eye can see objects between 25cm and infinity. Can we see objects which are placed closer than the minimum distance using a lens?
What happens if blood flow is doubled and arterial pressure does not change?
How do I become a film editor and what do I need to learn?
I get aroused when I see movie scene where slave get whipped and get excited when see red strips on their back. Is it normal?
Why do people give more importance to Krishna and Rama avatars when compared to Lord Vishnu even though Krishna and Rama are just avatars and Vishnu is the ultimate?
How is a tomato a fruit and a banana a vegetable?
Which is the best ink jet tank printer having wifi connectivity and photo copy function upto in 15000?
I have two job offers. One from Amazon for SDE 1 position and the other from Makemytrip for Senior SDE 2 position. Which one to choose?
Do Western media understand the role of PAC over UNCLOS and the meaning of arbitration? Why did they continue to portray ICJ and PAC are \u201cSame\u201d?
What is the difference between the person who earns  rupee 10000 pm and the person from same profession having same knowledge earns  rupee 100000 pm ?
I spoke out a swear word to a girl in my class cause I was angry and now shes complaining to class teacher, what must be done?
Instagram. Can I add locations to my photo map of photos taken and posted without GPS data once home without deleting the post?
What are the different types of electrical cables and what is the difference between the cables?
If you could only read 5 books to improve and change yourself, which books would they be? Why?
How does a horizontal milling machine and a vertical milling machine differ?
Where are you from and why do you like your country?
What are some really fascinating non intuitive results and applications of rigid body rotation?
Would a black blazer, gray shirt, and gold tie go well?
What are the procedures for a California school bus driver when pulling over and then turning on the red flashing lights?
How difficult is calculus if you got an A in algebra and precalculus 1? What is calculus like?
How does the finance and the math around auto leasing work?
What is the difference between onshore and offshore employees in Infosys LTD.?
My 3 year old pomeranian is not active from the past 3 days and thick saliva keeps coming out from his mouth. It smells so bad. What could it be?
How safe is Papua New Guinea, and how does it's crime rate compare to Antigua and Barbuda's?
Why don't we just nuke the desert and be done with terrorists.?
What is the academic pressure and workload at Georgia State like?
What is the Mormon State and why is there a debate over it?
If Hillary Clinton wins the election, what will she do to defuse the anger and frustration of Donald Trump's supporters?
If you're already engaged to marry your long-time partner, and preparations have been made and there's already a wedding date, but then you suddenly met someone new and you have fallen in love with that person and you feel in your gut that he/she is your soulmate, what would you do?
Do you think actors are the luckiest people? They get chance to kiss and shoot love scenes with beautiful actress whom we can keep staring for like hours. Aren't they lucky enough?
Like have a hemorrhoid what do I do and how do I treat it?
I am thinking of taking up biotechnology as my branch in B.tech. I just want to know if it involves too much cramming and few analytical studies, since I am not good with rote learning.
What is the need for socket programming, and what are its advantages?
Which is a good inpatient drug and alcohol rehab center in Tattnall County GA?
Why don't tunneling phenomena take place in normal diodes and why does it only happen in tunnel diodes?
Why would a considerable number of iPhone 6 and 6s handsets shut down without warning?
What is the meaning of \"Life, Liberty and the pursuit of Happiness\" in the Declaration of Independence?
I cheated on my boyfriend once and he went through my phone and found out and I want him back. Would he be able to love me back?
I'm a 28-year-old who lives in India. People my age buy a house, get married, and have kids. Is this the ultimate goal in life?
In sports management in India, if one has to choose between the NASM, the ISM and Symbiosis, can you please rate them in order of preference, and why?
What is the difference between sore throat and STREP throat? What causes strep throat suddenly?
How do I sell my kidney and how much can I get for it? Is it legal?
Was any Hunter x Hunter fan prescient of the concept and power level of Dark continent?
Why do we see designs and dots when we close our eyes?
I just started a new job (6 weeks) and already hate it. The culture is poison. What should I do?
How do I find other online, small-time writers and bloggers to network with?
Should I keep reading and watching Game of Thrones/A Song of Ice and Fire?
What is the difference between crime and felony and how are they penalized?
Why would a guy suddenly stop messaging me after a few dates and having agreed to going on other dates?
Would you replace your iPad and MacBook with a Surface Pro 3? Why or why not?
Why was no report issued by the NTSB on any 9/11 flight when they have done reconstructions and issued reports on civil aviations crashes since 1962?
Which Is better to learn together, two languages from the same family i.e Spanish and French, or two from separate families i.e Spanish and German?
How can you check and prevent foul odors from a lagoon?
What are the most interesting products and innovations that Amazon is coming out with in 2016?
How can a CA student prepare for SAP and Oracle consulting profiles?
Is 29.96 Mbps download speed and 5.97 mbps upload speed good?
Will there be a war between India and Pakistan in the near future?
My cat had miscarriage 2 days earlier and she is stil bleeding unable to sit properly, seems to be in pain?
What are some books/novels like Kane and Abel, which give motivation, inspiration, business strategies, and things of the sort?
How do I start working on web designing career and which language would I need to learn?
What are the strongest majors in terms of job prospects and what are the weakest majors at the University of Central Florida?
How much water can you split into hydrogen and oxygen using electrolysis with one kilowatt hour of electricity?
Can I walk unannounced into a Verizon Wireless store and purchase a Galaxy Note 3 on the spot, or does it have to be ordered online ahead of time?
Which is better: a master's in information and automation from the University of Bremen or a master's in automation and robotics from TU Dortmund?
Are Indian Economic Services and RBI Grade 'B' Manager position comparable?
Shock Sites: What is 2girls1cup and where does one see it?
I just had the final job interview. The manager said they still have a couple people to interview, and they will get back to me in a week. Is this a good or bad sign?
In a relationship when my girlfriend is not happy with me should I convince her and tell I'll here after keep you happy or should I let it go?
I want to buy a luxury watch which is not available in New Delhi. What are the best and trustworthy online websites from where one can buy?
I applied for passport reissue which is due to expire and entered wrong date of issue of my old passport how can I change that?
How do I stop drinking Coke and find a healthier alternative?
How did Oprah use her positive and negative freedom on her Harvard speech?
I'm 19 years old and my boyfriend is 33 (almost 34). He has a bad relationship with his mother and has had a hard life, but he's sweet to me. However, he stonewalls and says he doesn't want to talk about 'emotional issues' after arguments. This hurts me. Doesn't he care? What should I do?
Is a sea of massive gravitons what ripples when galaxy clusters collide and is it what waves in a double slit experiment?
Is it possible to crack the JEE Mains and Advanced 2016 if I start preparing now?
What is the best software to view and edit raw images (.NEF format)?
After losing 46 pounds I am obsessed with trying not to gain weight. My parents are worried for me and think that I'm too skinny. How can I maintain my weight without gaining?
In what cultures do brides and grooms exchange gifts during a wedding ceremony?
I want to pursue mbbs from aiims but due to illness and lack of effort i did not crack any entrance in 2016. should i drop a year?
What are the key differences and advantages between Groovy and Kotlin?
Is Arun Jaitley the most cunning and dishonest politician in India?
I want to produce 1MWT power with solar equipment. How much money is needed for the equipment and how much subsidy amount will the government of India give?
What is the best diet and exercise plan for type 2 diabetics?
Can I wear a black jacket with grey dress pants and a dark blue shirt to a political event? Or is it to preppy?
Is there a map of Pok\u00e9 Stops, and Pok\u00e9 Gyms, in Pakistan?
What subjects are studied in Primary and High Schools in England?
How many English translation versions of the Quran are there and which is the best one amongst them?
Alice has two coins in her pocket, a fair coin (head on one side and tail on the other side) and a two-headed coin. She picks one at random from her pocket, tosses it and obtains head. What is the probability that she flipped the fair coin?
What are the pros and cons of I2C versus SPI interface?
My girlfriend left me saying \"I don't have feelings for you as before\". I still I love her a lot. It seems I am a loser. I couldn't remove her from my life and this makes me hate myself. Every person related to me knows how truly I love that girl. How should I restart my life?
How can I use WhatsApp using my phone number on my laptop and without scanning the QR code?
Why did the US choose Japan and not Germany to nuke?
I have very oily skin. Pores near my nose are open and visible. I also am getting too many pimples and marks left on them. What can I do?
Why do I have this one strand of golden hair and all the other hairs are dark brown?
How can someone develop presence of mind and handle tricky situations?
What is the blue screen of death and how can it be fixed?
What was the significance of the battle of Somme, and how did this battle compare and contrast to the Battle of Keren?
What are the strongest majors in terms of job prospects and what are the weakest majors at Valencia College?
What are the advantages and disadvantages of being a member of the UN?
Why do people in the USA study math and science if all of the teachers come from the Philippines?
I'm pursuing B.com (hons) from SOL, Du and not doing anything side by side. What career options will I have further?
What are the surgical and non-surgical options for treating an anterior cruciate ligament tear, and what are the possible long-term impacts of the injury and different treatments on one's ability to have an active sports life?
We are a part of this hypocrite Indian society, where love marriage is all about caste and love is something called a crime. Do you agree? If yes, why? If no, what is your experience?
When being sworn in as a witness in a court of law, and you are asked if you swear to tell the truth what happens if you say no?
What kind of jobs I can get after doing mechanical engineering and taking voluntary retirement from defense navy at the age of 30-35?
If my boyfriend doesn't text and talk much, does it mean he is not interested?
Is there any site which helps me to learn things and different courses for free?
What happens in a scenario where the elected president of a country and his vice president both die before they are sworn into office?
How do the Turkish justify the Armenian genocide? What caused it and how do Turks feel about it today?
How do I tell my friend that her ex-boyfriend and I are in love with each other?
I'm a .NET developer for the last 2.6 years and recently got an offer from Accenture. Currently my status is showing \"clients delivery and operations\". What does this profile mean and what kind of projects should I be placed in the future? Are they related to .NET?
Why does the Indian cricket team not have any fast bowlers like Shoaib Akhtar and Mohammad Sami who have their top bowling speeds above 160 km/h ?
My best friend just got into a relationship with a girl. But he says he only likes her and doesn't love her. I'm sure I love him. What should I do to get him back?
Indian Cuisine and Food: What is the difference between paratha, roti, chapathi and phulka? Does the meaning varies based on region and people in context?
Is there a note app available that lets me expand and collapse paragraphs by merely clicking on the headline?
A friend of mine had tied rakhi to a boy in our class who liked him and that ended their short period friendship. However it was just a joke and she didn't mean to hurt him. At that time she didn't knew about his liking. Now she has herself started liking him. What should we do?
I am not able to open or view my application form although I have filled up the form successfully and got the acknowledgment mail from SSC also. What do I do if it's showing an incorrect Regd ID?
What should you do if you tell someone whom you consider a very good friend an idea you have for a business and then about 8 months later via Facebook this friend announces she is starting that same business?
What is the winning formula of Mamta Banerjee? In-spite of being corrupt, aggressive and violent. Are people too lured by free stuff offered?
How do I prepare for ISRO exams? What is the date and when do I apply for exams in 2015?
What is the difference between phone storage and internal memory in a smartphone?
What is the difference between DHMS and BHMS? Which one is better?
When I was 30 I was kicked out of grad school (economics). Now I am turining 37 and I wonder whether I should give it a try again?
What is Cell Theory, and what are some examples of it?
Where are Google photos stored and how do I move them?
What are the skills I can learn and use them to make money online?
I like a girl who has a boyfriend and really likes him. What do I do?
What is the lock and key method to fire an employee?
What is a file server and how is it different from a database?
Which are some of the interesting facts about Antarctica and what are the research works going on in Antarctica?
What does it mean when I can see a person's profile picture, last seen and status on Whatsapp but only 1 grey tick?
Which of the following colleges will be good in terms of faculty and competitive coding culture for undergraduates, SVNIT Surat, BITS Goa, or IIIT Allahabad?
LSD and lithium are said to interact negatively .Do psilocybin mushrooms and lithium have  similar negative interactions?
Time Dilation : If I were on earth which is spinning and my twin were to travel same but reverse of the spin, who would age faster?
What is the difference between re-recording and bgm in film making? Is both of these under the control of music director?
What would happen to the education system if Master and PhD degrees in Education were limited to teachers with 5, or more, years classroom experience?
How long does Benzoylecgonine stay in urine, and how can I flush it out of my system?
What do should I do when it is too late to go to the shops and I find that I've run out of contact lens solution and I do need to wear my contacts the next day?
How many is too many illegal immigrants and how will America preserve its borders and identity as a nation?
Were any human remains of the 19 hijackers from 9/11 recovered, and if so, what has been done with them?
In pre-independence India, did one need to get a visa to travel from one princely state to another and did citizens of various princely states have their own unique passports or did they have a single passport from the British Empire?
Is there any difference between Lenovo Ideapad 710s and yoga 710 ? OR are they both same
How can I resist my feelings towards a crush or say a good friend of mine and then try my best not to give any hint that I like her?
What is a good inpatient drug and alcohol rehab center in Franklin County ID?
What might happen if i jump from the atmospher and then freefall into the ocean?
If America were able to keep it's current military, and planned upgrades, on 5 percent of its current budget, what should the other 95 percent be spent on?
If you were to live inside Big Brother's house for a month and you get to choose any 10 people (living or dead) to be your housemates, who would you pick?
Is it possible for a single developer to build and launch a AAA mobile game app?
What were the toppers daily routine of ssc Cgl and for how many months did they follow it?
Why is NO2 an intermolecular force and how is it determined?
How does HealthTap recruit and compensate members of their physician network?
What can an individual or a family or a business in Spain do today to prepare and adapt for the coming impacts of climate change?
What can an individual or a family or a business in Togo do today to prepare and adapt for the coming impacts of climate change?
Has anyone had a triple-double in blocks, steals and assists in a basketball game?
How can I Publish Theses on Gastroenterology and Hepatology on International Library for thesis?
Can India have a PM who is a poor farmer and don't know anything about politics?
What are the best podcasts and why are they so good to listen to?
Who are some lesser known important historical figures of Cameroon and what should people know about them?
My father had an affair six years ago, and just told my brother and I that we had a half sibling. I can't get over it. What should I do?
If I get reported on Quora and I appeal it and gets rejected it can I redo it?
What's the correlation between having perfect pitch and being a great singer/having a great singing voice?
If a girl already has a boyfriend but always likes to talk with you and have you around, what does that mean?
What is your view on the move to scrap 500 and 1000 rupee notes? What will be its effects?
What are the similarities and differences between the Zoroastrian prayer and Islamic prayer?
What Medium's latest announcement about staff cuts and future plans really means?
What are some investment options that benefit sustainable development and deliver a moderate, safe rate of return?
How can I treat this Khyphosis? Will it be treated and spine becomes ideal again?
Where do photons appear from when mass and energy are combined?
Which branches are available for student on his GATE PI score in iits and nit? Which branches of mechanical allows students on GATE PI score?
When my leg or arm falls asleep and receives its oxygen back, why does it feel like needles and pins when I touch it or move it?
Do big companies like google, Facebook, Microsoft take electronics and communication engineering students?
Which is the best book for power system and control system engineering?
Should people speak out against extremists and fringes within their own political party instead of blaming the \"other\"?
Would Dave Chappelle work with Louis C.K. and what would it be like?
What is the Personal Property Security Act and how is Nova Scotia's different from British Columbia's?
Which are the best books for the IELTS and the GRE preparation?
Which countries can be count as the satellite nations of today and whose satellite are they in your opinion?
Why is Obama still a lazy, dumb and lazy illegal immigrant?
I've learned the fundamentals of Java and OOP, what can I do now?
I told my boyfriend I love him, and he says he's still trying to fall in love with me, and its been 10 months. Shouldn't falling in love be natural?
What kind of glass can be used for doors, and what is the range of prices of these doors?
Are bombings in Dresden, Hiroshima, and Nagasaki considered as war crimes?
When you 301 one website to another does Google use the old \"on-site\" SEO or drop it and use the new \"on-site\" SEO (h1, h2, metadata, etc) only?
What do my husband is kicking, hurting and yelling bad words how should I get rid off him?
What was the production of artwork intended for in Hawaii and how is it compared to the one intended for in Utah?
How does demonetization of the 500 and 1000 notes bring down the real estate price?
Yoshua Bengio: For a soon to be graduate student willing to build a career in ML and Deep Learning, how do you compare the pros of with or without going for a PhD?
What is the climate of California's coastal regions, and how does it compare to the climate in Ohio?
My expected score in NEET-1 is 412 and I am from General category. Can I get medical seat in MBBS?
How would my ex be feeling after cheating for 3 months and breaking up? I was loving, nice and true to her always. Don\u2019t people have a conscience?
Why do people outside of the subcontinent and East Asia not wash their butts after taking a dump?
How do people in cold countries manage to take showers and keep themselves clean everyday?
What is the Sophos antivirus and good is it on a Mac?
What were the major contributions of the political leaders during WW1, and how are the compared to the ones during the Spanish-American War?
What glue should I use to fill in and reattached a shoe sole?
What is it like to live in New Jersey and work in New York City?
What are the strongest majors in terms of job prospects and what are the weakest majors at USC?
Why do we use a mixture of ice and water for measuring the melting point of ice?
Why do we do the marches and parades on Independence Day and Republic Day?
What are some chemical and chemical processes use in forensic science?
How embarrassing is it to be 30 years old and have never had a girlfriend and can't find a career you are passionate about?
When I put a small amount of hot tap water in a plastic bottle and shake it to rinse it, why does the pressure rise?
How was the bridge between Denmark and Sweden that dips into a tunnel constructed?
What are some of the good and bad things that Mahatma Gandhi has done?
What are the differences between iodine and betadine? When should you use them?
I submitted an answer in the form of a photograph of a geometric drawing and then noticed a mistake. How do I delete a photograph from Quora?
I got 595/831 marks in fiitjee big bang test and I am a fiitjee student. So how much scholarship will I get?
What is the difference between 5w30 and 5w20? When should I use what kind of motor oil?
Why do dogs always want to lick and sniff the grossest parts of a human's body?
How do I determine what I am interested in and what will motivate me to do something productive every day?
What is the difference between auto striper and feeder striper fabric knitting machine?
Where are some dangerous places to stay in the world, and why are those places so dangerous?
What is the election of President Donald Trump means for the US universities and international students applying to them?
What are the differences between German Standard German and Swiss Standard German when it comes to punctuation?
Is working in McKinsey one of the best and surest ways to get into Harvard Business School?
How do you get over a divorce and not being able to spend as much time with your children?
What are the strongest majors in terms of job prospects and what are the weakest majors at Furman University?
What makes the Israeli economy so prosperous and successfull when I've never seen or bought anything made in Israel?
Why is my computer loading to a black screen and not the Windows startup?
What does the expression to \"vet\" someone mean, and what is the origin of this phrase?
Is there an app or service that integrates WhatsApp, Telegram and Facebook Messenger into one social messaging stream?
Why do people separate so easily and don't fight for their marriage?
Is it important to be from a reputed school and college to get selected in the Civil Services?
What are some small cold water fish and how are they different from other fish?
How can we start job portals in USA and UK, Australia while sitting in INDIA?
What if I've had the same music teacher for five years and it feels like I am learning nothing? I REALLY want to go to Juilliard
I am a HR professional, I want to do SAS course. I have statistics, Mathematics and Economics background. What is the use of SAS in HR field and How?
What would happen if the USA and Russia declared war on each other today?
I have got an offer from Deloitte and EY for the role of data analyst. Which one should I choose?
What should I do if Amazon delivers a package to my door and then the package disappears (presumably because a passer-by might have taken it)?
Why can brain cells only be lost and not regenerate like liver cells?
What kind of school supplies do you need for college and how should you prepare yourself to enroll in college?
Who will win the 47th match between FC Goa and Atletico de Kolkata in Hero Indian Super League 2016?
I am looking for investors in Germany, my business idea is trustworthy and valuable, I would appreciate it, if only serious people contact me?
How do I prepare Group discussion in IOCL, HPCL and NLC India? Which topics are frequently asked in GD?
What are some of the tips and tricks every Android user must know?
What can an individual or a family or a business in Djibouti do today to prepare and adapt for the coming impacts of climate change?
Does the POTUS pay the water and electricity of the White House?
Where can I hire highly skilled and supervised painters in Sydney?
What car oil brands do you use for the transmission, motor, power and brake fluid reservoirs of your car?
I hate studying maths especially working out questions with pen and paper. How can I get over this ?
Europe : what are some beautiful and cheaper places for experiencing snow?
What is the best and most efficient way to learn and master a programming language?
What are the best materials/videos/resources and practises/schedule to get maximum marks in TOEFL within 2 weeks?
Do hot girls ever date a decent and average looking guy?
In Chinese university course outline, what are the differences between \u5b66\u4f4d\u8bfe\uff0c\u9009\u4fee\u8bfe and \u5fc5\u4fee\u8bfe and how does each of them affects the overall weighted average?
Will you reinstate student loan consumer protection rights along with truth and lending laws that have been virtually stripped away?
My girlfriend talks to her ex and deny it to me. Should I be worried?
If the girl you like rejects you but then kisses you and then rejects you only to say she doesnt want a boyfriend right now, what would you do?
I'm having poor luck in finding a job for over a year and I am experiencing severe depression. How can I stay positive despite repeated rejections?
Can you identify the 2nd and 4th logos in this picture?
What are the legal separation laws in PA and how do they compare with the ones in Colorado?
Are controversial posts about Mark Zuckerberg and Facebook automatically demoted rapidly on Hacker News?
Why have most feminist organisations chosen not to apply for federal funding and support to build domestic violence shelters for men?
Are there water bears and nematode worms in Antarctica, and do they freeze solid in winter, then revive in Spring?
How is the report generated for CT and MRI scans? Why does it take time to generate images?
What will be the effect of banning 500 and 1000 notes on gold rate and real estate?
Is it worthwhile to take break for a year and solely prepare for CAT?
Can I open a new SBI account and close the older one?
Singapore Armed Forces: What are a NSF's three most burning questions, desires and worries during the course of national service?
How come when I get a call, sometimes it's \"slide to answer\" and other times it's a \"tap to answer\" (iOS 7 on iPhone 5)?
Why are singers more famous than composers in  the West and composers more famous than singers in India?
As a fresher, how should I learn Big Data Hadoop and How productive will it be?
How do I create an account for my customers where they can login and see the products they've purchased?
I have an offer from Manchester for mechatronics engineering and from Southampton for electromechanical. Which should I choose?
What are differences between recognition and recognization? Give me some examples, please!
If the devil asked God to forgive him, being that God is all forgiving, would he forgive Lucifer and let him return to the kingdom of heaven as an angel?
Which hurts the most? Saying something and wishing you had not, or saying nothing and wishing you had?
What are the pros and cons of an open CAT scan?
How will the India demonetization of 500 and 1000 rupees notes will reduce black money?
I told my girlfriend that I needed some space and time for myself and she got angry and has not spoken to me in three days. Does the fault lie with me and most importantly how do I fix it?
Did the Universe, the Big Bang, evolution of species, and all the beauty of nature just happen by chance?
What is a oxidation number and how is it determined in potassium?
How big would a mastiff/pitbull mix grow to be and what would its temperament be like?
When marijuana was legalized in Colorado and Washington, how were prisoners convicted of marijuana-related charges affected?
What is a suitable inpatient drug and alcohol rehab center near Spalding County GA?
How can I be a modder in gta5 online ?, I m having a PS3 500gb and I have downloaded it from playstation store .
What are some mind-blowing gadgets and technologies that exist that most people don't know about?
What TV series have you watched and why did you like them? Explain.
Barring Turkey [which is a Muslim majority country] in Europe which was the biggest minority group [religion, region, race etc wise] in 1920s and 30s. If it is not Jews or gypsies why were they only targeted in the Holocaust?
What should I learn in my 20s that will help me to financially retire at 35 and travel the world for the rest of my life?
If, when removing a bandaid, the bandaid sticks to the wound and starts to break the scab, is it better to leave the bandaid in place or just rip it off, removing the healthy scab?
I just received a bunch of emails (from the same person) and in the header of each one it says they were sent between 1-4 months ago. What's going on?
Why do north Indians use their caste name as surname while south Indians (tamil nadu, kerala, telangana, andhra pradesh and other small parts of south)  use their fathers name or their village name?
Why are we using octal and hexadecimal number system in computer?
What does science have to say about the zodiac signs and similarities between people with close birthdays?
What does it feel like to comment on someone's Facebook status update and when they don't click the \"like\" button on your comment?
Why does only American people have seen aliens and not rest of the world (Asians, Africans, Australians)? Is this a kind of conspiracy?
Why do pyschopaths have victims at one time and how they know who to discard first?
What is a sphere of influence and why do they exist?
Which site do you use to search and book flights in India and why?
How can I make my newly published book to be known and can it get the publication and the attraction? How can I sell it?
Who is more mature between men and women of the same age in solving domestic issues?
Why am I getting notifications for questions and answers that are not mine?
What does it mean if someone texts you first and then doesnt respond after?
Is it possible to distinguish between an Indian Punjabi and a Pakistani Punjabi on the basis of language?
How do I calculate my high school GPA? I got all A's for the first semester and 2 B's for the second semester. These grades are only from freshman yr
Why does the process of rusting happen only in iron and not with other elements like gold, etc.?
I have dark pigmentation in my knees and my ankles.What should I do?
Is it true that most women only prefer guys who are hot, naughty, muscular and fair rather than guys who are calm, innocent and silent by nature?
What are subjects covered under Arts and Humanities? Which sectors which hire professionals from this field?
What are the problems with the EU and how/what should be changed?
I'm a straight guy who started looking at gay porn out of curiosity and now I gave a friend oral sex. Should I tell my GF?
What logic department stores in US (Macy's, JC Penney and etc.) use to determine what specific product is good as a gift for which specific occasion?
Why should I use Cloudfoundry over AWS or VMWare, and how do you get past its scaling limitations on AWS?
I finished Joey and then started watching F.R.I.E.N.D.S. and I don't find it entertaining, what is wrong with me?
What are the most interesting products and innovations that Treehouse Foods is coming out with in 2016?
I am 16 years old and my parents have kicked me out of their house. I live in India, and I have zero experience on anything, how should I survive?
What are the pros and cons of the Dell monitor cord?
I am starting a brand new business for logo design, graphic design, branding and website design. What is the best way to get new clients?
Can a U.S. Citizen live in Switzerland and is it expensive there?
I got an offer letter from IITK and IISC Bangalore in CSE ME. Which one should I choose?
If J. S. Bach's Passions were so monumental during his time, how and why did a few of them become lost?
I m suffering from cough and cold, should I take beer?
There was one drop of blood on her lips, and she sucked it. Later I sucked her lips. She has HIV. Am I at risk?
What is the relationship between the moon and tides? How do tides affect the moon?
What are the fundamental rights and duties of an Indian citizen?
What is the difference between Machine Learning and Model Predictive Control?
What does it mean if l propose a girl and she blocks me but we still communicate normally?
What is your review of Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them (based on J. K. Rowling's book 'Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them') (2016 movie)?
What are the most accurate markers and predictors in human DNA?
Which is a suitable inpatient drug and alcohol rehab center near Warren County IA?
How is it that the words \"psychopath\" and \"psychopathy\" sound so different yet they are both psych-related terms?
Why is Spontaneous Human Combustion considered Paranormal and not a bichemical or bioelectrical anomaly?
How can I use Omegle on my iPod Touch and how is it compared to using Chat Roulette?
Can I play games in a laptop by removing the charger and putting them in plugpoint so the battery will not be affected? Is it is true?
Has anyone lived in Pakistan and then come to India? Share your experience
What do you guys think about the taxation and social spending in America?
Do atheists believe that Satan and demonic forces are living beings?
Which cyber security course is easy and job oriented for me as a B.tech mechanical engineer student?
How can we tell apart Raymond mill and high pressure mill in grinding plant?
What are the qualifications and process to get a job in SEBI?
So I recently got a PS4, my friend wants to give me GTA5 to play.  If I download the game and give the disk back to him, can I still play the game on my console?
What are the pros and cons of having dual citizenship? I currently have American and Korean citizenship. I would like to work in the field of politics
Do people think that Maria Sharapova's grunt is extremely sexy and arouses fantasies of extreme orgasms?
Do the angels and devils originated from Asuras and Devas of Hindu and Persian mythology?
Which laptop is best for an i5 with 4GB of RAM and 1TB hard disk configuration under the price of 25k?
Any fun places in Columbus Ohio for poor and broke people like me to go?
How much does it cost to rent a car and driver in Jerusalem or Tiberias for a day?
Yanis Varoufakis: Which five books on monetary policy and banking would you suggest to an interested layman?
Which top B-schools in India accept GMAT and which is easier way to get in to IIMs (CAT or GMAT)?
Is Faith considered a mental illness by the Diagnostic and Statistical Manual of Mental Disorders (DSM)?
How do you feel when you spend a long time learning a foreign language, then you speak with a native and they respond to you in your native language, e.g. English, and what strategies do you use to get around this?
Where was game 6 of the 2014 World Series held and what were the teams that played?
What MOS in army gets deployed most and which MOS(s) have almost no chance of deployment?
How do I find wearables manufacturers in Asia that are reliable, and do all the testing that electronic products require?
I proposed to a girl a few months back. She still hasn't responded and gives unclear hints. How can I know if she likes me?
What would be your very first reaction if you open the newspaper and read this headline: \"Justin Bieber found dead in his hotel room\"?
How do I solve crashing and lagging of games in Android?
Why I feel demotivated all the time and I don't want to get involve in any work?
What do you think about the cause and effect of celebrities\u2019 scandals?
What are the greatest inventions and discoveries in the marine field?
How was the Tor Browser created and how is it functioning as a private browser?
How do I configure processing electronics to receive images of text and to generate synthesized image sequence from that text?
Do we have any right to pass judgements on Burhan in Kashmir and the people who attended his funeral? Aren't we the East India company for Kashmiris?
After we split the atom, did nuclear science experience an influx of scientists and engineers transitioning over from other fields?
How do Jesus convince his followers that he is the Messiah? When and how did Jesus realize that he is the Son of God and his mission on earth?
Do newspaper political endorsements and political editorials still matter? Do some matter more?
Can psyllium seed husks be used to easily fill one up and provide one with a source of almost zero-calorie food?
My long-term boyfriend and I have grown to have completely different interests and values, but I love him. Can it work out?
What were the major effects of the cambodia earthquake, and how do these effects compare to the Sanriku earthquake in 1896?
What is the difference between a green lemon and a yellow lime, and what similarities do they share?
Why doesn't Japan contribute to peace and prosperity to ASEAN and Asia, but incite wars in Asia on behalf the U.S. and serve the U.S.?
What is a file descriptor and why do we need it?
What is the difference between a service-based and a product-based company?
What are some endothermic and exothermic reactions examples in everyday life?
What is Remarketing in Google AdWords, and how do we set up a Google campaign?
What happens if I have high blood pressure and I tell my P.E. teacher that it may be high?
My pet cat scratched me accidentally.Its not vaccinated and I'm from India. 7 days have passed but the cat is fully well. Do I need anti-rabies shots?
How is metaphase 1 of meiosis and metaphase in mitosis different?
Should I download movies from torrent websites after the latest news of arrest and fines hearing from last few days in India?
What is the difference between using the activated and unactivated versions of Windows 8?
I thought PETA was good, but I have people telling me that they kill animals and are not the charity I thought they were. What is happening?
I have learned JavaScript, Python and jQuery from Codecademy. What should I do next to improve my skills and upgrade to the current technology?
What is the scope of industrial and product design in India?
Were British generals in the American colonies during the Revolutionary war ineffective and bad compared to their colonial counterparts?
Is the rivalry between India and Pakistan ever going to end?
Does The Controller Shop ship to the UK and do they accept British pounds?
How do business listing websites generates queries from customers and their SEO to ensure that their web appears on top/most of the keywords searches?
How are natural numbers, whole numbers and integers used in everyday life?
If dogs and wolves are different species, how can they breed and still have viable offspring?
I want to get a teeth whitening because I think that my teeth are too yellow now and I feel unattractive. Where can I find dentists in Poland?
Is it normal for a 17 year old and 20 year old to date?
Why is Nevada considered a swing state and how is it important to the elections?
What are the best sources to search for great blogs, upcoming blogs and really good bloggers? Please include all possible online resources.
What is your favorite ice cream flavor and put a picture with the answer?
I want to install Yelp on my mobile but can't because this app uses location services to operate, and unfortunately, it is not available in my country. Is there a way for me to hack my smartphone's coordinates?
What a vertical line rising from life line and terminating at mount of saturn shows according to palmistry?
Whats the difference between have to and ought to when can I use each one?
If a car drives with a speed of 80 km/h and suddenly the driver reacts and pushes on the brakes with a reaction time of 0.6 seconds and the acceleration is -6.2 m/s^2 during the braking, how do I calculate the braking distance and the shutdown distance?
Why do my bipolar disorder and ADD worsen in the spring and summer?
What validity is decided for 3G Jio sim and can we use 4G sim in our phone or new 3G sim will come in market?
What is the best method and material to replace hoodie strings?
I've scored a 77 percentile in the CAT 2014. It's my first attempt, and I have 1.5 years of work experience as of now. Should I reappear again for the CAT 2015?
What is the crystal like substance in BlueApple that prevents fruits and vegetables from ripening too fast by absorbing ethylene gas?
What does the physical act of sexual intercourse feel like, and if I don't get to experience this did I miss out on a lot?
If I am in a subway train moving at the speed of light, and I start running 5 km/hr in the same direction in the train, am I running c+5 km/hr?
What exactly happened in Benghazi and what should I know about it?
How do I post a project and hire freelancers from addanyproject?
If you knew you'd die in 24 hours, and you could do anything in the world, what are a few things you'd do?
What interesting conclusions can be drawn from the way a person is, and the age in which their parents were when they had them and raised them?
Why was the Planning Commission of India created and why does the Indian Prime Minister Modi want to scrap it?
What is the best map of Westeros and the other areas of ASOIAF?
Why do I have pain in my knees, legs, and hips when I sit Indian style?
Can the current address be changed in the filled out and submitted form in a passport?
Are there many people in their forties and fifties from India in Quora?
In the United States, when a homeless person receives care in a hospital emergency room, and cannot pay for services, who foots the bill, the hospital or the taxpayers?
Is there any scientific justification for FYROM Slavs claiming linguistic and cultural continuity with Ancient Macedonians?
What are key differences betweeen the Democratic and Republican parties of today?
Why the graph of demand and supply curve is not actually curved?
Which is a suitable inpatient drug and alcohol rehab center near Cross County AR?
What are the most interesting products and innovations that Selective Insurance is coming out with in 2016?
I feel I have lost all the happiness in my life. Though I am not sad, I get bored of anything I do and I don't want to try out anything new in my life. I am averse to any kind of change occuring in my life. What should I do?
Why is NASA now saying that there are about 50 galaxies in the universe that are extra developed and well powered with huge technology? In the past, NASA always kept this fact a secret, but why now?
Why is it that sometimes after closing our eyes we feel no darkness and things feel as if our eyes were opened?
When I was sleeping a couple of days ago, I woke up and I still had pain from my dream. I moved my foot and the pain went away. Why?
I am a 19 year old Indian guy. I am 5 feet 11 inches and I'm just 45kg. How do I gain weight?
Is it possible to get an offer from a top-tier tech company like Google, Facebook, and Twitter after graduating from Dev Bootcamp?
When will Robinhood app be available in Europe and in particular in France?
Will I be at a loss if I don't take counseling for MS in USA? Counseling costs too much and I can't afford it. Is it possible to apply without taking help? Will I get rejected from everywhere?
What would change if we woke up tomorrow and there were no gender differences?
Why is the octet rule necessary and why do we need it?
What can adults learn from youngsters and children? Is respect for elders more important than mutual respect?
I have applied for PGDAST in IGNOU for July session this year 2016, got admission and enrollment number. When they will send the books?
The circle above is tangent to the x-axis and the y-axis at r and s respectively. The circle has a radius of 1, and is tangent to AB at point t. AB has a slope of -1. What are the coordinates of t?
What would be the physical and political effects of both Spain and Guam mysteriously vanishing overnight?
How did you choose your mentor and where did you find him?
My pet dog starts humping on me every now and then. How can I stop him?
What are the chances of catching herpes, chlamydia, gonorrhea, HPV and syphilis if you're a guy RECEIVING oral?
If I buy an iPhone 6 (locked) in the USA and bring it to India, how do I make it work properly? How do I jailbreak it?
I have a very insensitive and immature girlfriend. What do I do?
I am in class 9th and from now only iam interested in buissness which subject should I choose and to where I have to go for study USA or Dubai?
My wife's doctor advised her to take vitamin B12 because her level was in the lower part of the normal range (but normal), and the OTC supplement has 16,667 percent of the RDA--is this really a good idea?
How respected are CRNAs amongst colleagues and patients in a hospital setting?
Why do electrons and light show dual nature (both wave-like and particle-like properties)?
Who would win in a fight between Goku and Optimus Prime? How would they fight?
I'm 16, an I want to become a musician and earn to support my family. How can I start?
I am too soft and 'over-respect' people, which means I may not be able to criticize them, and appear as someone with no opinion or stance and seen as a malleable person. What steps should I take to overcome this weakness?
Which of these is better and why: Essel World or Adlabs Imagica?
What do you think of abolishing 500 and 1000 Rupee Currency notes by the Indian Government?
What are positive and normative economics and what are some examples?
I stored my contact lenses in tap water twice in last 4 days and wore them after. I have read this is very dangereous. Will I be blind?
Will my laptop with 4 GB of RAM and i3 processor get slower if I install both Ubuntu and Windows 10 using partition?
I want to add a shopping cart to my existing website which I have designed using HTML5 and CSS. What are the options I have to accomplish this without using someone else's design/template?
What's the difference between Northern Ireland and The Republic of Ireland?
I just got out of an abusive marriage. I feel empty. He took everything from me and I cant seem to find myself again. I feel lonely, what can I do?
If watch movements such as ETA and miyota are so cheap, why are some watches priced so high?
What are the densities of solids, liquids, and gases? How is this determined?
Why is talking to a girl online and in person different? =]
I'm too scared to leave the house because I'm scared people will see me and be horrified by me. What shall I do ?
What are advantages and disadvantages of corporate involvement in TV and Film industry in india?
How do I restore a phone icon and contacts to a ZTE Android phone?
How many letters, words and verses are used in the holy Quran?
Why do Latin-American countries and the Philippines love international beauty pageants?
I'm in high school. I started dipping and smoking and am now addicted to nicotine. My parents will be angry. what should I do?
What are some unusual aspects about politics and government in Afghanistan?
I signed up for prime annual, ordered a few items, and then switched to a monthly payment. Will I get a refund of my  dollar 100?
Can I use my AT&T and Verizon iPhones in the UK?
How people on Quora have so many followers and I don't have any followers?
What effects are caused by line to line capacitance in transmission lines and also line to ground capacitance? What effects occur in transmission lines and in increasing tower size? How does it affect the capacitance?
What are some similarities and differences between the Republican Party and the Conservative Party (UK)?
I have just started programming in C/C++ on Turbo C++ on Windows 8. Someone suggested it is outdated and I should use some other compiler. Which compiler should I use, that can be run on Windows 8.1?
Would Apple get rid of voiceover and Braille support on iOS?
How do I start YouTube channel and earn money in India?
If you don't have a college degree, but know at least as much as an average CS grad, what do you need to know/be able to do, and how long of an employment history do you need, until it stops mattering for software engineering/dev jobs?
I have basic idea about tippers, backhoe loaders, cranes and dumpers. Where can I find about all these vehicle segments, their specifications?
How good will be the work experience in RBEI (Robert Bosch Engineering and Business Solutions) Coimbatore plant for a mechanical engineering fresher for the job post associate engineer?
My name is inder in cerificate but now I try to fill an application form and there is last name required what can I do?
Can I dub third party video in my language and monitlais in my YouTube channel?
Went on a date with this intriguing, smart woman. I called her and she responded with a WhatsApp text two days after. What should I do?
What is the difference between regular heroin and all natural organic heroin?
Had period twice in a month after sex and now its 10 days late, it is normal?
What are the best resources for beginners to learn and start to become a UI Designer?
I attend a public school while some of my best friends study at CMU, Stanford and MIT. This has bugged me for over a year now; how can I make it stop?
What is the difference between tensile strength and Young's modulus? For what type of materials will this differ?
How true to life are the characters and situations in the movie American History X?
Now that everyone knows the error that 1k is equal to 1024 and not 1000, why is it not corrected in optical memory devices?
What would happen to someone born and raised on a planet with gravity higher than earth?
What is the most critically anti-conspiracy and pro-conspiracy book on the assassination of John F. Kennedy?
If you try to fail and succeeded, what have you done?
When was the last time that Republicans had a majority of both houses of Congress and the President at that time was a Republican?
How do students of IIIT Allahabad and IIIT Hyderabad prepare for competitive programming?
Is mobbing at the workplace common in Germany, Austria and Switzerland? Since all have a welfare system, do companies have rules to prevent it?
How many ways are there of painting 20 identical pots with red, blue and yellow if there must be more red bowls than blue bowls?
Who is better between Hillary Clinton and Donald Trump as a US president?
Where is Koreatown located in San Francisco, and what are the major attractions of this place?
Is not eating animal products (all of them) and not following a diet bad for health?
How far is Ganpatipule from Chiplun and how do the tourist attractions of these compare to Pune's?
What are the main and most important advantages and disadvantages of observation?
I currently have an H1B visa stamp on my Indian passport and I live in UK. I got British citizenship. Is my H1B validity impacted my new citizenship?
What specifications a laptop must have to support ASPEN HYSYS and ChemCAD? For Chemical Engineers.
When older people are praised for being \u201cvigorous, \u201d \u201cactive, \u201d and \u201cyouthful, \u201d does this send a message that combats or supports ageism? Explain your response fully and suggest an alternative way of talking about activity in old age
Where would u place BITS Hyderabad with all IITs nits IIITs and other private institutes for CSE in terms of academics and placements?
What stops someone from buying houses with a mortgage and having the tenant pay the mortgage in their rent? Why not do this with 50 houses?
What is it like flying from Bangkok to Manila and how are these touristic cities compared to Chengdu?
What are the tissues that make up the heart, and what are their functions?
I was on 90 Milligrams of Morphine LA, for 6 months. I haven't taken it for a week and I still feel like I am going out of my mind. Is this normal?
What are the boundary conditions and their implications in heat transfer operations?
What are some best colleges in India and abroad for MBA in Economics?
In which location of bengalore are the most Marketing and Human resourse jobs located?
What are some mind-blowing Iphone gadgets and tools that most people don't know about?
What are the devices in which both microprocessors and microcontrollers are used?
In Hong Kong, in residential apartments, is the \"toilet flush\" water supply unmetered and entirely free (separate to the freshwater) supply?
How did RBI know that Urjit Patel would be RBI governor months before and start printing the 2000 Rupee notes with his signature on them?
I am a post-graduate (MCA) currently working as a software engineer and I want to join the Indian Defence Forces. What are all my options?
What are the most powerful and insightful short stories that you have read?
What is the location of Palawan, and how does this Island compare to Majuro?
What is the academic pressure and workload at the University of Rhode Island like?
What are the opportunities in the UK? What is the process for a work visa and what is the life culture like in the UK?
What is the most productive time of your day and why? Are you an early riser or a night owl?
What is the difference between State Bank of India and State Bank of Hyderabad or any other SBx bank?
Do switching lights on and off waste a lot of electricity?
Do atheists believe in marriage? How do they make a wedding ceremony and who will legitimatize their marriage and how do they say their oath?
Which are the best Drug or Alcohol Rehab, Detox and Recovery Program Centers in the Monterey County California area?
If a modern person, went back a couple of million years, and met an early man, what would they think of you?
How do I calculate CGPA and GPA in a final exam result? What do CGPA and GPA mean?
I want to withdraw money from my Robinhood account. My 'withdrawable cash' has  dollar 0, which cash and buying power both have  dollar 500. How do I withdraw?
How long does it take to process the I-130 form, and receive resident status as a 24 year old recent master's graduate from London, and my brother is an American citizen?
What is the difference between the coefficient and the constant of proportionality?
I need to get an email address/a contact number of a national sales/marketing head of the FMCG and a consumer good companies in India. How can I do that?
Who marked the border between India and Pakistan, and how come POK is taken by Pakistan?
Is Tradier a good brokerage firm? I've been looking at all the platforms connected, and their low fees per trade. Any reviews about them?
Incentre of \u0394 ABC is I. \u2220ABC = 90\u00b0 and \u2220ACB = 70\u00b0. \u2220AIC is ?
How could I know when I'm ready to sing live and where should be my first time?
Why is the population in Haiti and Jamaica mainly from African descent?
How many generations of marrying white people and having children with them would it take for them to become Caucasian?
What are the strongest majors in terms of job prospects and what are the weakest majors at Middlebury College?
What do different lines and colors on the road mean in the US?
Shouldn't we deport all Bihari, UP and Bengali migrants from Tamil Nadu?
When my cat is lying on me and reaches out with one paw what does this mean?
What should be done when someone is charged with a crime and they are innocent? How do I know what has to be done.
My mother can't comprehend the fact that my husband and I have Sex, what can I do to make her understand that?
What are the treatment options available for myoclonic jerks, dysphagia and dysarthria due to post cardiac arrest hypoxic encephalopathy?
Why does my dog (a German Shepherd), bark really loudly and run around the pool whenever someone jumps into the pool?
How do you find velocity and acceleration from a curved position time graph?
What are the most interesting products and innovations that National Storage Affiliates is coming out with in 2016?
Should India avenge 26/11, Pathankot and Uri attacks revenge from Pakistan?
How long would it take to learn the C# and Java programming languages?
How do I answer hr team about my career gap of 3 years between graduation and post graduation & 2 years gap after post graduation?
Out of Bengali and Tamil, which one is easier and better to learn for a Hindi speaker and why?
Who is the most educated and Secular President in the world?
In India, if my name is different on my ID cards and B.Tech certificate, will I face any problem while applying for a foreign job?
Where can I learn about Iran-Israel conflict and war in Syria from the start?
What is the difference between a prime minister and a president and why do some countries have both?
Why do great people in the world are not that much talkative and also why they don't share their thoughts as much?
How do you put a money value to some social and economic benefits of a product that seem a bit intangible and not direct?
As of 2016 how well does Indian and Pakistani Armed forces fare against each other?
If there will be a war between India and Pakistan who will win?
When I was 4 I had mild red-green colour blindness. Haven't been tested since. I'm 14 now and can see red/green. Could I still have the condition?
How are Quora views counted? I can see two answers written at the same time and one has far more views than the other.
How can I restore old photos and save vintage prints and family pictures from wear and tear?
How does the poem make you feel about the importance of recognizing and performing a role in life effectively?
Which is the best course for learning algorithms and data structure on Coursera , Edx or Udemy?
What is the academic pressure and workload at Davenport University like?
You are asked to join the British SAS, the US Navy SEALS and a special forces unit of your choice. Which unit do you to go with and why?
I've lost my fotos in a secure gallery app and I want to get them back?
I am a sensitive person. Whenever I am hurt, I can't help but cry, and my husband gets very angry. What thought can stop me from crying?
How should I tackle this type of \"OCD\"? Is this OCD?!!! What If I think of this forever, and then if I don't break my glasses forever I'll go crazy ?!
I have read somewhere that Safi contains arsenic and it doesn't purify blood. Should I use Safi to purify my blood and remove pimples?
Those elements (atoms) which have half filled orbitals are more stable than full filled and partially filled (not half filled) orbitals. Why?
What is the difference between the dying Relu and the saturation of sigmoidal activation function?
How can I get rid of my flabby beer gut and have toned abs in record time?
Do straight women objectify men as much and in the same way as gay men do?
This sentence has two verbs: \"will look\u201d and \"go.\u201d How do I understand this grammatical construct?
Do creative non-fiction writers agree that 'show, don't tell' is the new, accepted trend in writing whereby adverbs, and even adjectives, are frowned upon as lazy, redundant writing? Or do you subscribe to the premise that they are a desireable writing tool and can be effective if used judiciously?
Could you do a job against your opinions and beliefs if you earn a lot of money?
I've a variable number of tables that have the same structure in PHP MySQL and I want to retrieve data from it. How could I do that?
What are the strongest majors in terms of job prospects and what are the weakest majors at Sonoma State?
What is the procedure for late registration of birth in Haryana and how is it different from other states?
My boyfriend has changed so much since he has been working. We are in a long distance relationship now, and I feel so lost of him. We don't get to communicate often because he is busy, and we become more distant. How do I get close to him again?
I am a mechanical student and what are the preffered books for APPSC?
How do I make my laptop last for long years and the battery last longer?
I am a computer science major, stuck in a non-technical job, wasting away my IQ and skills. I have been passionate about astronomy and astrophysics and I think I should re-pursue it but I don't know where to start. Can anyone help? From scratch, was there anything that helped you get back on track?
I have no gyno (tested) yet my nipples are puffy and they look like female breasts. Why?
I'll be starting with an MBA 1 month from now. My parents have spent a lot of money on the fees. I'll be needing money for day to day expenses, and want to earn a little in the coming month to lessen their burden. Is there any way I can earn money for the next month to raise a little more money?
Why is planet Mars red in color and what is Mars\u2019 importance for our solar system?
Did Obama give Iran money for a nuclear program? If so, why did he, what proof is there, and what are some good articles that explain more?
In light of the outbreak of Zika in Florida, are you concerned and what can or is the U.S. government doing to prevent its spread?
Who was the last most famous and popular leader of the UK legal and registered Communist party?
If a garden is a collection of plants and trees, is it a collective noun?
How do you prove that for all sets A, B and C, (A\u222aB) \\C = (A\\C) \u222a (B \\C)?
How do I install Python 2.7.6 and Django 1.6 on Windows 7?
What is the SAP course? What is the eligibility of taking the course, and is there any scope for Communication Engineering?
I don't have a social security number and would rather not get an ITIN. Is there any way I can open a bank account?
Who really has all the power and directs the critical decisions of Singapore?
Have you ever won chess game in a beautiful way, and can you write here that game?
Why do blood type O and B have a high compatibility?
There is this girl I like.I think she likes me too.I asked her if she'll be my girlfriend and she has no problems except one.That I've got a job in a different country. I've got to go there.But I really want this to work. What do I do?
What should I do if my mom went behind my back and asked my school district to publish my achievements on its website?
Regarding Deloitte's hierarchy structure in Gurgaon India and having 8.5 years of experience, what title will I fall in?
How is Christmas celebrated in India and how do they celebrate it differently than in the U.S.?
How do we ensure we are losing fat and not muscle/strength?
Bashar al-Assad is overthrown by Syrian rebels who then form an interim government and begin drawing up a constitution for Syria. Do they include wording guaranteeing the right to bear arms, similar to the US Constitution's Second Amendment?
3 digit no unit digit, ten digit and hundred digit ratio 3:5:7 if the diff of original number and obtained by reversing the digit is 396 find the no?
How can I control my studies and clash of clans playing hand in hand?
My girlfriend keeps comparing me with her dad and her sister's husband, and every time she tries to prove how great they are and how worthless I am. How do I convince her of the fact that every person is different and has different approaches to things and that comparisons should not be done?
In a fight to the death, between a Barbary lion and Siberian tiger, who would win?
If you had a tool which extracted information from your forms / documents, and put the information in a data set, would you use it?
What will be my work in Ernst and Young as engagement management service Associate?
Why did white people conquer the world and enslave black people instead of the other way around?
How often do successful people like doctors, lawyers, and CEOs play video games? What kinds of games do they play?
I am worried about weight and reliability of Royal Enfield. Should I buy them?
Why did rental housing startups like RadPad, Movebubble and HutHunt start with a mobile app rather than a website/web app? Doesn't this limit reach?
Is Raj Kumar Hirani's latest movie 'PK' worth watching? What are the best and worst parts of the movie according to you?
What were the major effects of the cambodia earthquake, and how do these effects compare to the Lima-Callao earthquake in 1746?
What actually is a voice and accent round during a interview?
Who are the most handsome man and beautiful woman in your country?
What are the pros and cons of Fur trapping in Canada?
I decided to make a special playlist with songs named after various cities and countries. What are songs that I can add to such a playlist?
Is it possible to get the IP address and port of a website or a server?
How does a new website protect its design and user interface from copycats?
I got an experimental value that is lower than my accepted value, and that's going to make my error negative. what do I do?
Hostel friends have seen me studying and have started asking my notes to copy. How to avoid this from happening?
Why is craigslist so successful, as it's only text-based (simple, clean) and also easy for other competitors to copy the same market approach?
Hindus consisted of what percentage of population of Dhaka in 1947 and 1971 (before Bangladeshi war of independence)?
If an object increases in velocity due to an acceleration, and the acceleration itself decreases, then what effect does that give to the object?
What happens in an arranged marriage if a guy has not been in any relationship and is a virgin but the girl has had been in serious relationship(s)?
What are the best studies about mdma, and why People say the study of John halpern, is useless.?
We have a motor which has a shaft connected to a fan on one side and a generator on the other. Wires from the generator are brought to the motor and the electricity from the generator is used to power the motor. Will this setup work? If not, why?
What are some real world example of encapsulation and abstraction and how are they different, yet related?
What were the causes and effects of the Opium Wars in China?
Is Preparatory course (Western and Hindustani Vocals) in KMMC worth all the money?
What is the historical reason the British navy, air force and marines \"Royal,\" but not the army? When did the navy become \"royal\" or the army stop?
How is the placements for PGP in business analytics and big data at Aegis school of Business (Banglore)?
My previous employer not reliving me and he is not giving my orginal certificate and he has not credited last two month salary?
What skills, experience, and attitudes are different between astronauts, cosmonauts, and other space-faring personnel from various nations?
I have just finished Act 2 in Far Cry 4 and I still don't know the story behind the game. Can someone tell me the story?
How can the weather of London in December be described, and how does it compare to that of the same city in summer?
What exactly is implied by the phrase \"economic freedom\" used in a political sense in a capitalist and democratic country, pertaining to the majority demographic?
I just got a summer intern at Morgan Stanley. All my life I have only worn jeans and t-shirts. Do they (Morgan Stanley) expect interns to turn up dressed formally with a tie, formal pants and shirt?
I'm an extremely intelligent but very depressed 16 year old who feels completely drained by life and cannot philosophically justify my existence. Any advice for me?
Which is the poorest country in Asia, and how does its educational system compare to the poorest country in Europe?
What is your review of kabali movie and tell interesting scene?
What is the difference between AngularJS and the Bootstrap framework with HTML?
Why are all of my clothes dry-clean only and do I have to dry clean them?
What was the lowest point in your life and how did you recover from it?
Which is a good inpatient drug and alcohol rehab center in Clinton County IA?
What does the Buddha give you, in terms of your personal and emotional connections to him?
What are the advantages and disadvantages of Antavo for small and medium sized businesses?
I want to lose 25 kgs in 3 months.What diet plan and exercise should I follow. If anyone has done this can you share your exercise & diet plan?
Why would some people prefer being arrested and receive a death sentence rather than being shot to death?
In an NaCl crystal, how can sodium and chloride each make 6 bonds while their valency is one?
How would you keep a trade secret protected and confidential under any circumstances?
If I send a friend request to a random girl on Facebook and she accepts it, how can I start a conversation so that I can impress her?
How much marks in JEE-Main and Advance are required to get an admission in CET?
What have members of Khizr Khan's family accomplished personally and professionally since emigrating to the United States from Pakistan in the 1980?
I was recently watching a college football game and something happened that I didn't understand. There was a kickoff and the ball was returned to the 40 yard line with a blocking in the back penalty. The ball was placed on the 9 yard line and the first down marker was at the 23. Why was that?
Why is Ohio considered a swing state and how is it important to the elections?
How do I get rid of using abusive language and always say good things to me and others and always be calm, kind and peaceful as for self improvement?
I am a non-U.S. citizen (non-resident) living outside the U.S. and trading US stocks through my Local bank. What is the tax rate?
What are some good python open source projects, and how do you get involved with them?
Taking into account the historical evidence for Jesus and his miracles, why do atheists reject Jesus?
If all these developed countries are in debt and need to borrow, who has the money?
What do I do when me and my dad hate each other I can't wait till I move out and neither can he I'm 14 and I have harsh words for him and pure hatred?
I try telling my girlfriend she's beautiful, but she thinks she's ugly and that I'm just saying it. How can I make her believe me?
What are the most interesting products and innovations that Eagle Materials is coming out with in 2016?
Why is it wrong to cheat in a relationship? Why so much intolerance and name calling towards those who do?
If you show an interest in getting personal information from someone without asking it directly and then accessing that personal information after someone gives it to you, are you doing something illegal?
What is the difference between a liberal and a conservative in the USA?
What are some real world applications (present and future) of statistical learning theory?
Will India do a 1971 ( liberation of Bangladesh ) and get Independence for Baluchistan?
Where does the water from the Great Lakes come from, and how does these lakes wildlife compare to Lake Como?
If I was traveling in the speed of light, what would I see, and how would I see what's around me on the trip?
What would you suggest, based on your personal experiences of the industry and academia, as areas to concentrate during an MS in statistics for somebody who does not want to stay in academia?
What is the advantage and disadvanteges of digital India by Modi?
I saw my aunt taking a bath and she came to know about it. Now she and my uncle are angry with me. What should I do?
What should I do if my parents are not talking to each other and my mom wants me to talk to dad?
How do I get a girl that likes me to long for my attention? I've admitted to her that I like her and she has admitted that she likes me, but she flirts with a lot of guys so it confuses me. I want the tables to turn and I want her to want my attention. How do I do this?
Do guys with money get most women and the rest just get what's left over?
Is it possible to study electrical engineering and computer science at the same time?
Do carbon fiber planes suffer structural damage from constant expansion and contraction like aluminum planes do?
What should you do if you fall in love with your best friend and you don't know if he/she loves you?
Why is India so happy for the U.S. to get out of ASEAN and focusing on India to liberate Pakistan by joint U.S. troops and India in Indian Ocean now?
As a Christian how do you respond to the suggestion that Jesus and much of his story is just copied from older religions?
I am 22 yr girl and want to lose lots of weight from hips and thighs Is it possible without gaining muscle?
What are the best guitar shops in Boston? I am going to visit the city soon and I would like to buy a classical guitar.
I'm a 23-year-old girl and I don't feel like having sex until my marriage. I don't have any interest in it, and don't even masturbate. This guy I date says it isn't normal. Is this true?
What are the effects of Saturn and Rahu (north node) in 11th house for Libra ascendant?
What is the opinion of people who have stayed in a metropolitan city and then had to shift to a smaller city?
I want to launch a classifieds portal like Quikr and OLX. But I know nothing of website designing. What online tools can I use?
What are the differences between common law and statutory law and what are some examples?
Is there any girl here who would fall in love with and marry a physically handicapped boy?
How can you know the difference between him wanting to hook up and him wanting a relationship with you?
What modules should I gradually learn and practice to become good as a Python developer?
What are the most interesting products and innovations that State Auto Financial is coming out with in 2016?
I have been talking to a girl for past 3 months (Facebook and WhatsApp only). How can I know if she is in a relationship with me?
What can I do as I am btech student and I want to prepare for gate exam from second year in civilengineering and for it I start taking NPTEL lecture?
This guy I like (who has a girlfriend) teases me and my friend but he teases my friend more, does that mean he might like her?
What are the advantages of structured programming and what are the disadvantages?
Do African Americans think that Al Sharpton is a positive role model and leader despite his many controversies?
How do I lease a car in New York and bring it to canada?
What is the Briggs Myers test? What does the test measure and how should a person prepare to take it?
Research is to see what everybody has seen and to think what nobody has thought is this true?
What is the compatibility of a Cancer sun/Leo moon man and a Taurus sun/Scorpio moon female?
How do I get the value of jtree check box and show it somewhere else in java swing?
Where did the universe come from and how? Where did the mass that makes it up come from?
Is it recommended to do push ups and pull ups everyday?
What age did you begin your period and can you get pregnant before it?
I'm in high school and interested in science. I like thinking about problems in my head and mentally solving them. What field in science is for me?
What are the major private equity conferences around the world, and is it worth it for a small fund to attend?
What is the relationship between Toyota and Lexus, Nissan and Infiniti, Mercedes-Benz and Maybach? Do we have anything else like them?
I feel like I don't deserve my life as I'm always sad and can't find any form of happiness. What should I do?
What are the most interesting products and innovations that Peoples Bank is coming out with in 2016?
Why does my ex gf lies to me and confuse me what she wants ?
I love Korean People how should I meet and interact with them in social network?
How does Bollywood work in India? How much money does the actor, director get and is it related to the earnings of the movie? How do cinemas make profit?
If someone were to have their hand amputated and immediately cauterized, how long would they have to survive without medical attention?
What are the most common traffic convictions in Arkansas, and how does the severity of the convictions differ in Idaho?
How do I give my car on rent to ola or Uber and how much profit will I earn?
What does it mean when I dream of a girl repeatedly and also feel love for her but don't know what she looks like?
If Gordon Ramsay finds so many restaurants with filthy and spoilt food, are food inspectors not doing their job?
How can I transfer all of my contacts, messages and WhatsApp stuff to an iPhone from my Android phone?
I am obsessed over a friend romantically and I don't know how to stop?
How do I activate call log and sms sync with gmail account?
Is it possible to clear Civil Services exam (UPSC) in 10 months starting from scratch and that too while working studying only 3-5 hrs daily?
What are some best brand of cotton T-shirt and shirts for men in range of Rs 1000?
How difficult is it to learn coding and is 30 too old to start?
Why aren't Chinese college English tests like the CET4 and CET6 recognized internationally?
How do social media, texting, cell phones and the Internet make the world bigger?
In the Biblical story of Adam and Eve, why did God have Eve eat the apple?
GoodRX coupons claim to make use of \"cash discount networks\". What are they, and what legislation give rise to them (if any)?
What are the strongest majors in terms of job prospects and what are the weakest majors at Woodbury University?
How can one know if his/her decision is really rational and not just based on his/her bias?
What's the body that governs sports in Canada, and its (email) contact point?
What is the second largest planet in the solar system, and how does its composition compare to the other planets?
Was Raghuram Rajan against demonetisation and is that the reason that led him to resign?
If I am the new owner of a multi family building and there are tenants at will can I adjust the rent amounts?
Is it ok to clear data and caches from most applications?
What are some different farm tools and equipment? How are they used?
What kind of tools and weapons did the Apache tribe use?
I'm training at a gym for past 2 months, I lost 4 kgs . But the fat in hip and buttocks did not get reduced. Side hip too . What exercise I should do? What diet I should follow?
Why does Coca Cola sell Diet Coke and Coke Zero when both of them are low cal drinks?
What are the strongest majors in terms of job prospects and what are the weakest majors at Bentley University?
Why interest rates so low in US and other countries but not in India?
I'm Taurus ascendant. Mercury is in the tenth house with Jupiter, Mars, Sun and Ketu. Saturn is in the eleventh house. Is that called Sannyasa Yoga?
Which laptop (i5, quad core, etc.) is better for doing MATLAB and SPICE, or other electrical softwares?
My life is based on lies. I am 20 years old and have never kissed a girl or been in a relationship. How can I live normally?
Will the Government of India lose money on exchanging 500 and 1000 notes with new ones or with 100 notes?
What is the right way to drink water and how much water should I drink as a adult per day?
How would a fight between Cain Velasquez and Fedor Emelienko go, both in their prime?
I'm very much different from my fiancee. She is emotional and I'm practical guy. Will we really make a good pair? Will it last long?
What is a suitable inpatient drug and alcohol rehab center near Boise County ID?
What could this symbol signifying a cross and a crescent moon mean? (picture in details)
As we know that salient pole rotor have large diameter and small axial length. So what does the axial length of rotor mean?
Is it normal that my cat and dog each other's food?
If I came up with an idea, and a friend helped me come up with a name and a logo should I make him a cofounder?
I don't believe in love so, have you ever had feelings for two people and cannot decide which one is the true one? How did you decide which one?
Why won't my iPhone let me update and add more apps from my computer?
What are the advantages and disadvantages respectively for U.S. and UK to intervene other countries?
What is black money and why is it stored in Swiss banks?
Is a man's sexual response to seeing a picture of a naked women natural and instinctive or is this an associative response learnt from seeing pictures of naked women from a young age?
How do I run the Hike messenger on a PC and an Android device simultaneously?
What are magnets made out of and how are they made?
In prison break, why is Lincon \"Burrows\" and Micheal is \"Scofield\"?
Why is my car creaking again after having a ball joint and a CV axle replaced in April?
How big of a role do you believe A.I. and automation will change the U.S. economy in the next 10 years?
During WWII, the B-24 Liberator was by far the most-produced Allied aircraft. It flew faster and farther than the B-17 with twice the payload, but there doesn't seem to be much written about it compared to many planes which had far less impact on the war. Why is this?
Would it be a good decision to leave a polyamorous relationship between four people (two men including me and two women) for a girl I started seeing two weeks ago?
I was using Tor browser. There was a PDF file link on a search in Google search. I clicked on the link, and instead of downloading the file, it opened the PDF in another tab of Tor browser. Was my anonymity compromised at that point?
Help! The waxing lady ruined my eyebrows! Are there any natural, tried and true ways of boosting the growth of eyebrows? Like using oils\u2026?
The angle of elevation of an aeroplane from two places 10 km apart are found to 60degree and 30degree respectively. Find the height of the aeroplane?
Can my extreme tiredness be because of a recent breakup and the emotional struggle that follows?
What are some problems with Hadoop and where does it fail to deliver?
If a batsman hits the ball and it hits non striker who has his both feet in the air and then flies back to batsman and then batsman hits it again but edges it to stump - is he out?
What are the tactical advantages and disadvantages of smoothbore versus rifled tank cannon?
Is the mom from suite life of zack and cody a prostitute?
What are the challenges for social work and psychology professions in the ASEAN Economic Community and how can one respond to those challenges?
What are the topics, approach and sources to prepare for SBI PO 2016 GD and PI?
How many numbers between 1 and 500 is not divisible by 5 or 6 or 8?
Why is smoking while pregnant bad? Can a pregnancy and unborn child be affected by smoking? How much smoking is bad?
Should I join a gym (I want to become tall and have a muscular body)?
How do I edit an .apk file and make changes in both class and XML files?
If the angle between vector A and vector B is \u03a0/3, what is the angle between vector 2A and vector -3B?
What are the strongest majors in terms of job prospects and what are the weakest majors at Franklin University?
What is a suitable inpatient drug and alcohol rehab center near Glascock County GA?
I am a B.Tech computer science student. I've heard that data structures and algorithms are very important and are asked in every interview, but I have no interest in that topic. What other options do I have? (in computer science)
Is preparing though Cenegage for maths and physics and the NCERT for chemistry enough for cracking the JEE Mains 2018?
What is the political, social, economic and cultural status of women in rural areas of Mexico?
Why is a dog year equal to 7 human years and what are the reasons behind this?
What do you think about the dilemma between morality and developing business in a Muslim country?
I am trying to loose weight. Right now my weight is 70 kg and my height is 5'. How much weight can I loose withing a month and How?
How can I use Omegle on my iPod Touch and how is it compared to using Roundchat?
What is the real difference between hand cream and facial cream, or body lotion, or is it just a tactic for businesses to sell more?
What does interant mean and how is it used in a sentence?
How do I become a white hat hacker and a bug bounty hunter?
How was the early life of Jawaharlal Nehru and what role did he played in India's struggle for Independence?
What is # Tag in SEO and Why we use #tag in Facebook, Twitter and Google Plus?
Donald Trump is being called \"Insane\" for his rants and behaviors by some media. Do you think Donald Trump has a mental illness?
What is the difference between an expert system and artificial intelligence?
What would happen if I could compress a yottabyte to a kilobyte and copyrighted it so Companies had to rout their data through me?
How do I stop my mother-in-law from visiting and staying for long durations without being rude and inappropriate?
What are the various job profiles in SEBI and the required eligibility criterias & qualifications to get into them?
How can I start preparing for the CAT 2016 as I am a third-year engineering student? I don't have any coaching at my place and wish to self-prepare. What books shall I refer to? How should I start?
Why do people make the same mistake over and over? And never change?
I am a software engineer with strong analytical and programming techniques. I want to join an IB (intelligence bureau). How do I make it?
I filled the wrong AADHAR enrollment number in the online JEE main form and now it is not letting me edit it. What should I do?
Tata Institute of Social Sciences at Mumbai is a famed institute. Why should a person opt for it? What career and personal goals one should set once he/she joins it? Is this a better choice compared to IIM Shillong?
What are the best resources for learning German and how can I become a competent speaker, reader and writer of the German language?
How can a middle-aged man mentally and physically prepare for a first tandem skydive?
What is the difference between Srimad Bhagwad Gita and Mahabharatam? Which book focus on what? Can someone explain this?
Sir if pnb banks are rejected my loan and give to fall's reason than how can I gate the loan?
I don't know what to do since my graduation from college, it has been a year. I studied TCM and I couldn't find a hospital to hire me. I am thinking about restarting. What are some suggestions?
What are your views on Narendra Modi taking bribe from Aditya Birla group and Sahara as revealed in IT appraisement papers?
What is the best help desk and support knowledge base plugin for wordpress?
Why isn't it allowed to bring water and other liquids into airplane?
When do you use \"an\" and when do you use \"a\" in a sentence?
In what scenario would the U S and China use military force against each other?
Typography: What is the difference between OpenType and TrueType fonts? What are the advantages of each?
Which are the best Drug or Alcohol Rehab, Detox and Recovery Program Centers in the Kern County California area?
I am a man age is 32 and I see my breast is growing?
What is a traditional Centre back and what's the difference between modern day Centre back and a traditional Centre back?
I am 22 years old and a virgin. I intend to remain celibate for the rest of my life though not for any religious reasons. My friends always make fun of me for being inexperienced and I don't know how to reply. I am afraid people will think there is something wrong with me. What should I do?
What is the difference between a function and a map(mapping) in mathematics?
Is smoking weed helping me or hurting me? I'm quite sure I have ADD and may also be suffering from depression. Think Kid Cudi mind state.
When were the books of the Bible collected together as one volume? Who participated in the decision of what to include and what not to include? What parameters did they use to make this decision?
What is the salary range for a medior and senior .Net developer in Amsterdam?
What skills will be most desired/required for the work force in the near (1-5 years), and midterm (5-10 years) future and what do you think will be most desired in the long term future (15-20 years)?
What software do photographers and producers use to manage their shoots?
What could be the outcome of India being divided into two separate and independent administrative zones, namely North India and South India?
Why hasn't the U.S. justice system been expanded to properly and efficiently handle the backlog of court cases?
What are the most important and landmark case laws regarding direct taxes in India?
I feel guilty that I am not a responsible and proactive person at the age of 24. How can I correct myself?
Toddler 3 years cannot have a conversation and she mixes normal words with baby language. How can I help her to speak and make sentences?
What is the best course of action when an asthma attack occurs and you are not in possession of your inhaler?
After 3 months of learning data structures and algorithms in Java, will it be possible to get a good job in a company like Adobe?
Which bike should I choose between Gixxer SF , Apache 160 and Hornet 160 considering best KMPL and KMPH ?
What is a suitable inpatient drug and alcohol rehab center near Russell County AL?
What is the difference between PowerBook and MacBook? What are their similarities?
Which country is the best country in the world and which country is the worst country in the world?
I have a offer from Persistent Systems Private Limited with 3.7 lpa CTC, and from L&T Infotech with 3.0 lpa CTC. Where should I join?
Why do I feel tired all day and no tiredness to get sleep at night?
What is the \"dollar shortage\" and \"rising dollar\" phenomenon in the global markets in 2016?
I am 21 year old guy going to australia to study bachelor of media communication and business. How can I make 5000 dollar  pr mnth without investment?
What kind of questions are asked in direct PhD written and interview at IIT Bombay metallurgical and materials department?
Who would win: Mai, Ty Lee and Azula from Avatar vs Bullseye, Daredevil, and El Diablo from Marvel, MCU, and DCEU respectively?
Has the U.S. ever offered an apology for Hiroshima, and do you think an apology is warranted?
What does the phrase \"speak softly and carry a big stick\" mean exactly?
Whch book on Benjamin Franklin is better and a must to read if you already liked \"THINK AND GROW RICH\"?
What is it in this picture and what is it's use?
I want to build an app similar to play store, how and where should I start from ?
Has the US succesfully diverted the refugees and terrorist attack to Europe? Will the US be safe ever after?
Can Google see the Google sheets I am working on? Or is it private to only me and my collaborators? I don't want Google to see what I am working on
Which one is better in terms of performance, reliability and cost: MongoDB or Apache Cassandra or Couchbase?
Can you buy products from a retail store and then sell them online?
Would banning notes of denominations 500 and 1000 help to curb the black money in system?
Renaissance Technologies: How can I invest with your fund and where can I see your past performance?
Ever had a dream that you thought was all you ever wanted but ended up not wanting it, and while working hard for it you started having another dream?
My friend was in a relationship with a guy for 8 years and at the same time he loved another girl. He avoided her and she was almost dead after knowing that her boyfriend cheated on her. After many years, she again started talking with and meeting him. Being her friend I can't watch her ruin her life. What should I do?
How does the low, middle and high class live in India?
Why no National News channels are reporting police atrocity in Karnataka? Why time and again national media fails South Indians ?
If the edge length of an FCC unit cell is 508 and radius of cation is 11,0 what is the radius of the anion?
My wife left the marriage after three months. I suspect she only married me for money and to come to USA. Can I report this to immigration?
What software do they use in the oil and gas industry in day-to-day operations?
What would happen if the Earth lost it magnetic field and magnets lost their properties?
What is Secretary Clinton's IQ and how does it compare with that of Trump?
What is a catchy name for a online and offline, ladies and kids textile shop?
A student walks to school at the rate of 2.5 km/h and reaches 6 minutes late. The next day, he increases his speed by 2 km/h and then reaches school 10 minutes early. What is the distance of the school from his home?
I never have feelings of nationalism or patriotism toward my country of birth and instead prefer other countries. Is it immoral of me to do so?
Other than surfing the Internet, calling, and messaging; What is the most common thing people do with their mobile devices?
What is the deepest lake in Europe, and how does this lake's flora and fauna compare to that of Lake Tititcaca?
What are the pros and cons of learning Rust vs. Go?
Why electric bulbs are not filled with air and which gas is present in them?
Is there an iPhone app where you can type in the address of the places or events you would like to visit, and it would automatically send alerts to you once you are close (or within a certain distance) to the places/events so that you could visit?
I\u2019m 13 and my friend lost her virginity at 13. She let a 15 or 16 year old guy have sex with her and she told me not to tell anyone. What can I do?
Is it reasonable for malls to change at this rate (40 dollar  for first four hours and when it exceed in one hour additional 10 percent) and why?
What are the similarities between cinder cone and composite volcanoes? What are the differences?
I have been using my girlfriend for a sexual relationship for the last year. She loves me more than anyone else ever has, and she would do anything for me. The thing is, I now have feelings for her, and I love her more than I could ever love anyone else. Do you think I should confess to her that earlier in our relationship I was only using her for sex?
I've noticed a lot of Japanese (from Japan, not Nikkei) in cities like New York and San Francisco but not in Los Angeles. Why is that?
What is the difference between simple past and present perfect tense?
My doctor lied to me about hairline fracture and then changed his diagnosis the day after. I found out 3 weeks later. What can I do?
Is rakuten.com a good shopping site and does it ship worldwide?
Why are there wait times between taking a pill/capsule and eating? And will the pill/capsule not work if you don't wait the whole time?
How can I use Omegle on my iPod Touch and how is it compared to using FunYo?
In an old Doctor Who show, he threw a ball at another ship and rode the ball to it, could this work?
What if, 65 million years ago, the asteroid didn't hit Earth and the dinosaur extinction didn't happen?
During meditation, can consciousness/soul leave the body and never find its way back to it? If yes, what happens to the body?
What are the new schemes under panchayat and rural development in Chhattisgarh?
What are the specialization courses offered for electronics and communication engineering students abroad?
What is the von Neumann bottleneck, and how can it be circumvented?
I feed a street dog everyday. Of late it has started scaring people by chasing and violently barking at them for no reason at all. What should I do?
What is the effect of pressure and temperature on viscosity of natural gas?
What are the prophecies of world war 3 and will it actually happen?
Is it true that Arnab Goswami quit times now and is it not the best thing that happened to TV journalism?
What's the difference between someone who is a 'vulnerable narcissist' and someone withe borderline personality disorder?
What is the best area of material and manufacturing for study in Australia?
What could it mean if my period was 11days late and my period was lighter then normal?
What's the best picture taken of you and why do you think it's the best?
Why is the price difference between the bid price and ask price in stocks so large?
What is the solution for homesick, loneliness and unpleasant rude college atmosphere?
Which country buys huge quantity of pearl and pearl ornaments from India?
What are the limitations of iPhone, Android and Windows Phone, if compared to each other?
What is the best way to remain happy and satisfied with life?
What is boundary value analysis and what is it used for?
I am triple majoring in math, computer science and physics because these are my passions. Is this a bad idea?
He is 6 year older than me and we met on a social networking site a month ago and we like each other, should I go on a date with him?
Why do the members of the Kerala Hindu Thiyya caste call themselves superior and different than Ezhava, even though both are considered as one caste by the Kerala government?
What should I do to succeed in life and make something of myself?
In bimetallic strip of brass and steel which will undergo more deformation and why?
Why don't we use military to recapture Jammu & Kashmir and remove the article 370. And make it as a normal state.?
When will homes be able to generate and store energy so they will not be dependent on utility companies?
I have dirty blond hair with a slightly honey-blond quality to it and I'd like to dye my hair a vibrant color, what would be the most flattering?
What is major difference between Indian engineer and other countries engineer?
Is Iran a safe country and is it worth to visit?
What is the difference between standard deviation and mean deviation application?
Why did Amazon stop sponsoring fresh H-1B visas and only refresh the ones already established?
If neet-ug is re introduced in India will private medical colleges stop taking donations and does that mean there will be no management seats?
What is difference between a diode and a powerdiode in construction and applications?
I am finding difficult to forget my bitter and useless moments. It keeps hindering me. How can I get rid of it?
Can suffering be forever and is it related to karma from previous birth and current horoscope?
I am 24 year old male. I don't have a girlfriend, a style and an attitude? How can I have all of these?
If you are forced to enter a video game but you will never get out of it and you can only take 2 people with you. Who would you take and what game?
What is it like being gay and living with homophobic parents?
If all the mass in the universe was condensed into two separate and equal spheres, would they remain in perpetual orbit around their center of mass?
What is the difference between public class and public static void main (string[]args)?
What are the strongest majors in terms of job prospects and what are the weakest majors at Park University?
What is the difference of living well and having a good life?
If you accidentally hit someone with your car and kill them at night, what are the legal consequences?
What is the minimum GATE rank for GEN, electronics and communications engineering to get a job at PSU?
If I study consistently for the LSAT for three and a half years, could I get my score to at least a 172?
Have you ever felt a recurring feeling of intense malaise and deep brain fog when you wake up?
What are the biggest loopholes in the EU and USA in pharmacovigilance?
Why do some people who say they're triggered by discussions about rape, and that people need to be sensitive to that, avidly participate in discussions about rape?
Is it true that India is now developing faster than China and will become a superpower before China?
Can I get a loan for my business? I am earning 26 k pm and saving is 3-4k INR per month. I have one home loan. I want a loan for about 2 lakh INR. Is it possible?
Which are the best documentaries and movies on world war 1 and world war 2?
I'm a B.Tech (computer science) 2015 batch passout. Currently I am working in the IT sector and I want to do an MBA through distance learning. Is it the right time to do an MBA with a job?
I punch walls very hard with all my strenght and I Dont feen pain is it normal?
I have an insane desire for power and wealth, am I crazy? Where do you see my life going?
What are the pros and cons of having an MBA degree?
Why does \"improve my feed\" appear on the Quora home page for only a second and then disappear? How can one get it to remain?
Do I need a Green Card, if I want to buy a house and live, but do not want to work in the US?
It seems like Go is better than Node.js in terms of performance (not that big a margin) and syntax, so why is Node.js way more popular than Go?
I have a 12V 20AH battery and it's showing 12.7V. How much of it is charged?
What are some known, scientifically proven ways to increase dopamine and serotonin levels without causing harm to the human body by using drugs or any unnatural chemical catalyst in the process?
How do I To Join swtor2credits Summer Fun 4X Reward Points and 9 percent off Swtor Credits Activity?
What happens when a country takes a loan from the World Bank and then is not able to pay it back?
I have this game idea that I think would be a great iMessage game, and I was wandering if I could sell it to Apple if possible?
What are the most interesting products and innovations that CONSOL Energy is coming out with in 2016?
If hands on a watch move in anti-clock direction and the time is always correct at 12 O'clock, what is the actual time if the clock reads 8:30?
Is there a way to hold prenup and postnup agreements as legal in the Indian Court of Law?
I got 126.5 marks in SSC CGL 2016 and belings to SC category how much target should I set for Mains?
If I have a triangle whose sides are 23.3627 m, 47.2099 m and 69.4535 m, what is it's area?
What are some ways to lose 1 kg per day and continue to do it for a continued period of time?
What is the difference between facade, proxy and repository design patterns in software development?
If humans continue to evolve technologically what will our universe and species look like in 1,000,000 years?
My mom is 66, having asthma. As per PFT functioning of the lungs is 36 and 12. The doctor says it needs to be minimum 70. How to reverse it?
What should be my day to day routine, monthly plan and semester plan if I want a developer job in top companies such as Oracle, Google, Microsoft?
What are the side effects of taking Xanax and Vicodin at the same time?
I am a IIT JEE 2016 aspirant. My concepts are not very clear in full physics and organic. Math I can do well. I want to have a three digit rank in IIT 16. What should I do now?
What does it take to connect and disconnect a gas dryer? How safe is it to have at home?
What natural resources does the Canadian shield have, and how do they differ from the on in the Egyptian shield?
What is the difference between equivalence and equivalent (chemistry)? Is equivalence same as n factor?
Why does a no-load current flow in a transformer and from where is it generated?
What are the advantages and disadvantages of using a credit card?
I'm scared of my behavior and hate myself, can anyone help me?
Is there any Android app with korean and Chinese input method?
I am in need of a real friendship and dats too difficult to get in my situation. Feel alone and sad all the time .. What do I do?
How would one train in mountaineering and become a mountain guide?
How do I evaluate a standard mobile  in terms of cpu processing , sound, battery , os optimization , heating , etc ..., and what other factors should be taken into consideration before buying one.?
Have you ever suspected that your partner is cheating and want to catch them in the act?
What is meant by set piece goals, and which player is expert in it?
What do you do when you've lost your looks and people keep putting up pictures of you without your consent on social media?
Hi guys, my scores was R 63 W 63 L 64 S 90. Also I got 90 in vocab, grammar and spelling, how can I improve my skills to get 65?
What is best way for Class 11th student, interested in Music and Photography, to prepare for benefit of EC quota for admission in Delhi University?
Why do tractors have big rear wheels and small front wheels?
What is the difference between insurance in the CIF and insurance in cargo on transit?
How do you deal with people-relatives, friends-who show a biased liking to one of your child and imply that s/he is better looking than the other one?
What are the strongest majors in terms of job prospects and what are the weakest majors at Gonzaga University?
I had an interview with the HR manager after I met the hiring manager. I am certain the HR manager knows I am interested and she told me that they wanted to bring me in next week anyways. Is it a big deal that I did not follow up even though she said I could? What should I do now?
Why are liberals concerned about the environment and \"healthy living\" more than Conservatives?
I am a Software Engineer in Bangalore with 1.5 years of experience and I am earning 60K per month. Is it a good salary in the current software industry?
How do I escape from a situation where everyone closest to me schemes, plots, and conspires to destroy any hope/effort of me to better myself & death?
What are the Marathi related Facebook and Twitter accounts to follow?
Regarding about fuel for obstacle course racing, is eating beef jerky, drinking water and taking 1000 mg potassium okay for a 10 mile race?
What is the main difference between static and dynamic in terms of mechanics?
What are the difference between RAM and SSD storage? Do RAM chips last longer than SSD storage systems?
After 2 weeks I thought Prozac kicked in and I felt amazing. Then 2 weeks more of blah and now I feel amazing. Is it placebo again or real now?
What are the best free resources to learn Python online for free and which is the best editor for the same?
He said I'm like his lil sister, but kiss me and hug me. He even angry if I dont reply his text. What should I do?
What happens after you cock a gun and decide not to shoot?
Wanted to pursue a career in Intellectual Property Rights and Patent Management, Kindly reach out to Global Institute of Intellectual Property (GIIP)?
Does the \"sauna slim belt\" and similar products actually work? Why?
What happens if you take the morning after pill and birth control at the same time?
I am in 10th grade. I need to make a working model on food provision and agriculture for my science exhibition. What can I make?
What is a good inpatient drug and alcohol rehab center near Marion County IA?
How can I get a free link of a book called, \"Signals and Systems (2nd Edition)\" by Oppenheim?
What is the difference between the original and cracked version of Windows?
We hear about memory enhancement techniques such as taking notes, being offline and so on. Is there any scientific-medical basis for such claims?
I forgot my Facebook password and email password. How can I log into Facebook?
Is it advisable to enter Canada for 1 and half month after 4 months USA stay and re enter USA(B1-B2 visa) for a new 6 month visitor stamp.?
Will the democratic system of our country come in the way of Narendra Modi's efforts to bring reform and change? Wouldn't India be better off if he was a dictator?
What's difference between website design/development and CRM\\EIP design/development? In terms of Times, budget and skillset?
I have a low academic score. I failed twice in maths, twice in higher secondary and thrice in 10th but I'm really clever and intelligent. Do I still have chance to be selected as an intern at Apple?
Why did the ancient Greeks and Romans stop believing in their gods?
Can you read The Bible and enjoy it as just a piece of literature?
Could Islam one day unite India, Pakistan, Afghanistan and Bangladesh again like it had in the past?
Why is the slope of a linear function equal to -A/B and the y-intercept is equal to -C/B?
I have offer letters from TCS and Directi. Which company should I join?
How far in space have we reached in light years, and what have we found till there?
Is Google Drive safe enough to keep my credit card and bank details in there? If not, where can I keep all this information safely in the cloud?
In CSS, how come font-weight: bold and bolder look the same, and normal and lighter too?
I\u2019m a full-time American employee and I work more than 40 hours per week. Am I entitled to overtime pay?
Did the children of Jayalalitha's aunt Padmavalli and Vidyavathi came to her funeral?
I signed a bond with a company which states that I have to pay a sum of 1 lac rs if I leave the company for one year, as they provided me training. I have been working for four months and I didn't get any training from them so I want to leave the company. Are there any legal issues with this bond?
How do I get rid of pimples and dark spots permanently?
What are gravitational waves and why is their discovery so important for physics?
If I failed in 2 sub in 11 heseb and one sub in 12 hseb can i give supplementary exams?
What type of adult questions can I ask on Quora and what is the policy of Quora regarding adult questions?
What is an eCommerce business and how do I start one with little money?
I am 24 year old. I've been working for the past 3 years and still have no aim for my life. I don't know what to do. What should I do?
If I have a triangle whose sides are 31.2009 m, 36.0524 m and 67.3914 m, what\u2019s its area?
Who are some lesser known important historical figures of Colombia and what should people know about them?
What are the top MBA colleges in Andhra Pradesh and Telangana states for finance?
Why are some countries more stable, organised and prosperous than others (e.g. Ethiopia vs England)?
We are working on a realtime web app written in PHP/Elasticsearch, and we selected server-sent events. What is the best web server that will help us?
Why did Napoloeon send Grouchy troops away instead of destroying British and Prussian one by one with his whole troops?
I think that my boyfriend deserves a better person than I am. I tell him but he doesn't think so. I love him and don't want to end things, but I know that he deserves someone better. What should I do?
How safe is the campus at Claremont Colleges and should anything be done to make it safer?
In your country or language, what animal names can be used to call people - and what different meanings do they convey?
What happens if sodium chloride and barium sulphate are mixed? Will sodium displace barium?
As a beginner, which programming language should one learn at first and what steps should one take after learning that first language?
What is the difference between \"visa on arrival\" and \"visa free entry\" for travel to a foreign country?
I got admitted in Calcutta Medical College (1st ranking among government medical colleges in Kolkata). Now in the re-AIPMT I got an AIR-582 and a category rank-489 (marks-584). Should I resign from a CMC and opt for AIPMT counselling? Will I get into better ranking colleges than CMC with my AIPMT rank in the general category?
Do writers maintain a mailing list, and if so, what service do they use?
What will you do if one day all the restrictions were removed and all resources were given to you for free?
In Saudi Arabia, the government demolishes mosques build roads and other constructions. Why did Muslims make such an issue of the Babri Masjid case in India?
What were the major contributions of the political leaders during WW1, and how are the compared to the ones during the War of 1812?
I'm terrified this guy is gonna ask me out. and I don't want to tel my mom. What should I do? (Read details please)
What is the difference between a grill and a convection microwave?
How can I show my business idea to someone and avoid him stealing my great one?
I rub vaginal with my index finger. Then I smell it and put it near my nose opening. Can I get HIV?
Has anyone used the drug Lyrica/Pregabalin to treat depression/bipolar 2 and not just GAD? Please detail your experience and its effectiveness
Why are extremly shy men passive aggressive? When you open up and talk about your feelings then why can't they do the same?
What would be some pros and cons of Donald Trump becoming president?
How responsible are you for your own education and at what point does it become disingenuous to expect others to educate you through debate?
Why do Malayalam TV channels talk about Tamil and Hindi music and movies, whereas Tamil channels never play Malayalam songs or talk about Malayalam movies?
What is it like flying from Bangkok to Manila and how are these touristic cities compared to Shenzhen?
What does the phrase \"to no avail\" mean, and how would you use it in a sentence?
Where can I rent a car and race it in San Francisco?
Why are all the Hindu Gods born in India and not in any other country?
Are non-Muslims who reject Muhammad and resist Islamic rule considered to be \"innocent persons\" in Islam?
Is it possible to convert sea water to fresh water and solve the entire water scarcity in Cauvery delta in Tamil Nadu?
Is it possible for a person to get directions in desert without a compass at night and if it is by way of the pole star then how do you determine it?
Why the Canadians in BC and Quebec refuse to build a pipeline?
Why do we consider only red, green and blue as basic colors in pixels?
How can I get my old call history and text messages from metro pcs?
Which is a suitable inpatient drug and alcohol rehab center in Graves County KY?
Can anyone guide me is ACCA beneficial in today's world and what are the opportunities available in ACCA?
I'm having 2+ years experience as production engineer and 1+ years as quality engineer. How to proceed my career further?
What are some examples of Filipino traditions and beliefs, and how do they compare and contrast to those of Greece?
Why does my best friend call me over and then talk to her boyfriend? Shall I tell her how I feel?
How should I start a mobile marketing and mobile commerce business?
Zombies: A child's brain is mapped differently than an adult's and not fully developed. How would zombification affect a really small child?
What are the best brick house construction techniques, must-haves and advancements for an Indian house in 2016?
Could anyone help me understand the grammar behind the sentence \"I am done\" and furthermore explain me if the sentence \"The bus is stopped is correct?
What are all the security features and personnel guarding The White House?
What is the use of banning 500 and 1000 rupee notes and introducing new 500 and 2000 rupee notes?
How can I improve my learning skills and improve my studies?
What are some of the most followed Tumblr blogs and how many followers do they have?
I mostly design UI and prototype, have light experience with UX research, and do front end styling with HTML/CSS. What should I call myself?
What are the most interesting products and innovations that AK Steel is coming out with in 2016?
How can we control stupid and negative thoughts from into our mind?
What is a suitable field for a person who wants to work with big numbers and money, but only wants to get an associates degree?
Is it possible to be really smart in some ways and really stupid in some others?
What is a beneficial interest statement and how does the way I answer it affect my taxes?
What does Germany look like, and how does its geography compare to Romania's?
What is the difference between theoretical research and qualitative research method?
Am interested in cricket, football, travel and films what career is best for me?
I'm a B.Tech Student at SRM Chennai studying ECE. I am afraid of circuits and labs. What can I do to alleviate my condition?
What pronouns are related to the countries and how do we know them and why. Can anyone explain them in detail?
Is it normal for hair to darken and curl as you get older?
How can I prepare well enough, in 1year, and what books to study, to get a silver in IMO, starting from beginner level?
I want to apply for a job in any of the Harry Potter themed parks. How and where do I apply? And any advice to get positive feedbacks?
What are the advantages and disadvantages of wide and narrow train tracks?
It's been exactly one year since my ex and I split up. I can't stop thinking about him should I call him?
Gmail: What should I do after my Gmail account has been hacked into and been used to send phishing emails?
Is there a substantial difference between LHA (Tarawa & America class) and LHD (Wasp class)? Why the US Navy doesn't use sky jump?
Will Trump help Mamta and overthrow Modi and execute Modi like Saddam?
What is gain margin, phase margin, gain crossover frequency, and phase cross frequency? What is the practical use of these parameters?
How do I become less overprotective and clingy over my boyfriend?
If someone has already liked my picture and I make it private (only me) on Facebook, can they still see the picture?
Is there anyone here who joined a JEE coaching in August and got good marks in the half yearly exams?
I am a 20 year old guy, visiting goa with my parents and two other families. Are there some things that I should keep in mind?
President Obama has a clear record of divisiveness concerning race and political issues. Will you simply continue this trend if elected?
Is there any chance of Australia and New Zealand being a single country in the future?
Is there a way to make freeradius.net and win2008 r2 server to co-exist on the same machine?
Who is the best James Bond and what is his best Bond film?
U.S immigration: I'm an Indian citizen with a H4 visa and want to stay in the USA for at least 4 years. What should I do?
What happens with Rahu in Virgo 1th, Ketu and Jupiter in Pisces in 7th, moon in Capricorn 5th, Venus in Taurus 9th house and Mars in Gemini 10th?
If I have lets say  dollar 500 in a savings account for 5 years and it earns 2.5 percent Annual equivalent rate compounded monthly. How much will I have now?
How can you categorize the ATM's (automated teller machine) input and output devices to analog, digital, parallel or serial?
What is your score out of 700 and post through ssc cgl 2015?
I want someone to unfollow me on Twitter, so if I block and immediately unblock this person, will it do the trick?
Who are some lesser known important historical figures of Mali and what should people know about them?
To have an online shop in Hong-Kong, what payment and delivery options should I implement to cover 90 percent of the cases?
I get jealous when my boyfriend likes other women's pictures on Facebook and Instagram. What are some suggestions?
Which is the best Institute for Hadoop and which gives good placements in Bangalore?
What does self-esteem mean, and how is it important in establishing relationships?
How many keywords are there in the Parallel Specification and Implementation Language (ParaSail) programming language in the latest version?
Elon Musk: \u201cIf you take this year\u2019s revenue or Tesla motors, around  dollar 6 billion or thereabouts, and if we are able to maintain a 30 percent growth rate for 10 yrs add to your 10 percent profitability nos, and have a 20 P/E, our market cap would basically be the same as Apple\u2019s is today.\u201d Is he being realistic?
My foreign girlfriend wants me to marry her so she can stay in the States with me. I'm really bad with commitments and I've never wanted to get married. How can I know I'm making the right decision?
Which is the best 5 inch smartphone having marshmallow and Snapdragon within rupees 12000?
What is the cost of developing an e-commerce website and cost of maintaining it in India?
I am a B.Tech graduate with a 6.5 CGPA from an EEE background and I have good core knowledge. What are the opportunities that I can get?
What happens if I accidently send a WhatsApp message to a person who doesn't have my number saved and then delete my account? Do they still get my number on their WhatsApp chat history?
What will happen if we dissolve silica gel in water and mistakenly consume that water?
Why don't we invade North Korea and topple the communist dictatorship there?
Which one is better place to work for in terms of quality of work and pay for software engineers: Intuit or Myntra?
I am not able to decide which university to join for MS in Business analytics. How do I choose among Oklahoma State University, University of Texas Dallas, University of South Florida and University of Connecticut ? Which college has the best course, better placement record post MS and fee structure
What do you think are the zodiac signs of Summer and Tom in the movie \"500 Days of Summer\"?
I will have  dollar 4,000 USD available next month. I want to invest it and would like to get a 10 percent monthly return. What are some suggestions?
Why can't you use seed capital as collateral and borrow against it at a bank so that you have more capital to work with?
Content That Contains Spoilers: Is it mere co-incidence that Melisandre and Ygritte both say the exact same words \"You know nothing\" to Jon Snow?
Are shaking legs, very fast heartbeat or palpitations, and biting nails signs of anxiety?
How much money were you making at age 26 and what life lesson would you've wished you'd known?
Why are there so many questions exclusively about Pok\u00e9mon GO and no other Pok\u00e9mon related media?
How can I get rid of stretch marks, dimples and cellulite on the back of my legs and bum in 1 month?
Is it possible to research and write a 3000 word essay in one day?
Why is \"The Grim Adventures of Billy and Mandy?\" cartoon nostalgic?
What are the differences between small-cap, mid-cap, and large-cap mutual funds in India?
What's it like to live in Tijuana and work in San Diego?
Why are Apple products so expensive and over-hyped among the public?
Which were the best facilities and services you have visited for aged people?
What is the significance of a black and white American flag?
I get calls from different states almost everyday and these are unknown numbers. Is this a concern?
What are examples of high quality/durability items that you buy once and last a lifetime with frequent usage?
What happens if I delete all my content and settings on an iPhone?
Which are the best companies doing motion graphics and product demo videos in Sweden?
Beteen Samsung Galaxy j5 and ASUS zenfone max which is better?
What does \"nothing's certain but death and taxes\" mean? How was this phrase born?
By examining the properties of oil and vacuum circuit breakers, which is more suited for rapid reclosing?
Why do poor people become poorer and the rich get richer?
I got a job offer from OTE Group in Muscat, Oman. How is the company and what will be a good salary? In India I am earning Rs.15 LPA!
What is the most user-friendly and efficient project management software out there?
I am not able to connect to my Apple ID from my phone. I'm getting an error and cannot connect to the iTunes Store. What should I do?
I am a 27 year old part-time model, intelligent guy and a software engineer. Am I dateable?
What is a good carpet cleaning and repair service in New York City?
Why are the eastern parts of cities often poorer and run-down while the western parts are chic?
Now that 2016 is almost over, what are the best and worst things that happened in your life this year?
Have you had huge dreams as a kid only to now be old and not have fulfilled any of these dreams? How does it feel?
Is there any difference in the GATE coaching of Pune and Hyderabad? Which is the best coaching in Pune?
My 4 year old son has drawn a picture of an alligator on the wall and has drawn it quite well for his age. Should I appreciate him for his talent or rebuke him for drawing on the wall?
If I like a woman on Quora, who didn't include her Facebook link, and has the messages turned off, can I look her up on Facebook and contact her?
What are some general guidelines on behavior and safety that an Indian male has to follow in Riyadh (KSA)?
Can an Indian citizen hold both an NRE account and normal resident account at banks in India?
What is a complete list of topics of Core Java and topics of Advanced Java?
What is displacement current and can it produce magnetic field or not?
What are some social media agencies that connect Influencers and Brands specialising in Instagram?
If my two-store company is present in both the US and Canada, does that technically make it a multi-national corporation?
A project on science technology and innovation for food and agriculture?
What are the most interesting products and innovations that Discovery Communications is coming out with in 2016?
Should I move out of my Parents house and move in with my boyfriend?
I am a 4'11 female and weigh 151 lbs. I want to develop a lean and totally un-muscular look. What should my daily workout at the gym look like?
At the supermarket, with scan and bag your own items, how do they prevent shoplifting?
How can you forgive and forget when you have been hurt badly?
How one can apply for IIT madras Hostel who is a research scholar at HUmanities and Social Science department at IIT madras?
What is the difference between \"fake news\" and the sort of reporting that brought down Brian Williams at NBC?
Is it possible to make an e-commerce website without having to know coding and in an extremely cost effective manner? What platform would one use?
Does a Facebook message request show \"delivered\" when ignored and \"read\" when accepted? This is to a non friend.
How much jelly would be required to break ones fall and survive falling from an aeroplane?
Is Manaphy from \"Pokemon Ranger and The Temple of the Sea\" considered annoying?
Why are leasing agencies, able to rent out apartments with horrible conditions and not be held accountable for it? There is a huge problem in Georgia?
What should I do if my best friend and I like the same guy?
What could be the strategy behind banning 1000 and 500 denominations in India?
Does India stand the chance of losing ground in Afghanistan due to the increasing Chinese influence in the region and wanting the US grip on Pakistan and its withdrawal from Afghanistan? What does this coziness between China and Pakistan mean for India?
Why is history so certain that Hitler and Eva Braun really died at the end of the war, 4/30/1945?
As a guy, if you get jealous of a girl and get sad/mad, is it because you like her?
Is there any benefits of living alone, away from parents and friends due to studies or job?
What are some biggest recruitment and staffing franchises in India to work with?
Why do folks come to California illegally and how exactly would our immigration law work?
What's your very earliest childhood memory and why has it stuck with you all this time?
Does EVERYONE with OCD have that popular OCD symptom and obsession of symmetry, order, organization and, exactness?
Can anybody help me on Networking case study? It is a small case study and anybody from Networking background can do this easily.
I'm 15 and a half and 5'7 my dad is 5'10 and my mom is 5'3. Can I still grow?
If the gravitational wave detected recently had a frequency between 10 and 100 Hz, why is it not detected 10-100 times a second continuously?
What is the molecular formula of hydrogen, and how can it be represented?
What is it like flying from Bangkok to Manila and how are these touristic cities compared to Dhaka?
Who are some lesser known important historical figures of Egypt and what should people know about them?
How is IBS Pune for MBA and does PGPM equally good?
What are some examples where gib and cotter joints are used?
Should I tell my parents I'm depressed and want to see a therapist?
What did Murray Gell-Mann and Stephen Wolfram think of each other?
What is the difference between capitalism and communism? Are they really that different?
How much was scavenged from SS coffers and why shouldn't it be repaid?
How is it to work with the Military Engineering Services and the Indian Navy Armament Services after clearing UPSC Indian engineering services from electronics and telecommunication?
What are the strongest majors in terms of job prospects and what are the weakest majors at Texas Southern University?
Should india immediately close its embassy and call back all indians from Nepal?
What are the differences between natural and synthetic fibers? What are their similarities?
Is it true that Donald Trump was actually born in Scotland and his father paid to have a US birth certificate made?
If Z1,Z2,z3 be three complex numbes such that Z1+Z2+z3=0 and |Z1|=|Z2|=|z3| then prove that Z1,Z2 and z3 represents an equilateral triangle?
I want to purchase a printer.i am a student, I need only b&w printing, copying and scanning. Which would be best for me considering low budget?
For men is a chiseled, symmetrical, strong jawline and high cheekbones universally attractive?
Is there any connection between the ionization energy and the atomic radius of an element?
What do you do if you get an asthma attack and you have no inhaler with you?
What are some of the best magic and sci-fi PC games?
Where can I get playstation 4 and its games on rent in Pune?
Which is the best university to study journalism and mass communications in India?
Is there a difference between north and south Indians on how dishonest and/or corrupt they are?
What are the health effects of swallowing hydrophobic and oliophobic solution/vapour?
How do you train yourself to get up early every morning at 4 am and let go of the warm cozy blanket?
What is the difference between a firmware and device driver from an embedded system viewpoint?
Can someone not be a lawyer and still start a law firm?
What are codes of conduct in health and social care and how are they used?
My goldfish keeps floating to the top and has to swim down constantly. What can I do to help?
I had a composite filling done between upper two mollars. I got gum irritation and little cavity between that teeth.what to do?
What are some superstitions about dreams and where do they originate from?
Why does my body shake everyday and takes my sleep away?
What is the easiest and cheapest way to lose weight fast?
If the Indian government announces to withdraw Rs. 500 and Rs. 1000 notes in a month what will be the impact of it on unaccounted (black) money in our economy?
I'm from India. Can I buy an iPhone 6 from Dubai for a cheap price and get it unlocked in India? How much would it cost, or how can I get it for cheaper?
If your boyfriend took your car without your consent, and wouldn't return it even when you asked him to, would you call the police?
What does immiseration mean and how is it used in a sentence?
What is the longest roller coaster in the United Kingdom and how does it compare to the longest roller coaster in South Korea?
Take 2 numbers with only one key difference (ex. 2315 and 2325), prove that for a modular hash function there are different hash values?
How do Bangalore bus routes compare to Bhopal's, and what authority oversees them?
How do you appreciate relationships and sex after dozens of partners?
Is there an \"edit question and details\" button on the Quora Android app?
What is the relationship between structure and function of the lungs?
I've broken my moto G3 screen (one week old), and there are many cracks on the screen. But touch and display are working properly. How can I replace the screen?
Which is the correct spelling and why: \"enroute\" or \"en route\"?
What do I do If I have got my Visa and admn in MS in US with backlog in final sem of B.E and came to know just few days before flying?
Is music forbidden in Islam, and if so, what is the philosophy behind it?
I was in a relationship with a girl and now she is in a relationship with my best friend and they both stopped talking to me for 3 years now. I can't get over her, what can I do?
Is two strawberries, a peanut butter sandwich, and a cup of milk too much food for one day?
I moved to a new house and I need to set up my studio room for music, but the one room which I have available is a room that is completely made out of wood panels and I heard it is influencing the bass from my monitors. How can I correct this or do I need acoustic treatment to resolve this issue?
How do I download datastructure and algorithm best book for self study?
What are the legal separation laws in PA and how do they compare with the ones in Arkansas?
I want to run cut command to extract some column from a large file and paste it to other file. I have to perform this in loop. Any efficient method?
Can a dog be euthanized at home painlessly and humanely with OTC meds?
How does the three dimensional structure of Carbon, Oxygen, and Nitrogen cause them to form polar and non-polar molecules?
I want to launch a social networking site and I have an idea also, what should I do?
What's the chance of a US victory on Russian soil, if the US and NATO were to invade Russia from the Eastern front, like Hitler did?
How do I make a difference between standing up and fighting for myself and being matured enough to forgive your closed ones who hurt you, not quarrel?
For some reason that I don't really understand I have always kept a certain distance to rap and hip-hop music. What are good places (aka songs) to start expanding my horizons?
Do people still write and send love letters to their crushes?
In an outbreak of a war, if all the country could do was defend and have no attack powers which country would hold out the longest?
What should be my diet plan (non vegetarian or vegetarian) and exercise which I can do to loose weight as I have just joined gym. I'have hypothyroid?
How come everytime I try to lose weight like Pilates and now I can pay  dollar 60 for a personal trainer I don't lose weight?
Is it true that people with severe narcolepsy and cataplexy don't have to work?
I\u2019ve just started to exercise and can barely touch my toes. How can I improve my flexibility?
How do you correctly use \"you and me both\" in a sentence?
On most faucets, why is the hot water on the left and the cold water on the right? Is this true globally?
What is the cutoff for MIT Pune and VIT Pune through the JEE Mains?
Can massive bombing on a country's every military and air base during war make it surrender?
What is a good wood to build your house with? I hear redwood is the best wood and doesnt need chemicals like treated wood to buy and if so what is the price compared to regular woods used to build houses?
What is a short circuit, and what is short circuiting (in simple English)?
How long have you been playing guitar for and can you solo over standard jazz chords to your satisfaction yet?
Why do I like my crush one day and not the next day?
This morning I made some boiled eggs, my bf came downstairs and stood there for a while and shoved an egg into my underwear, is that weird or normal?
How can I add a question title and question details separately on the Quora Android app?
Has anyone had great results from anxiety and depression by using Prozac?
Is It possible to build muscle and lose fat with intermittent fasting and stay lean?
What are the bad or good effects of wearing opal stone for taurus lagna and venus is in Aries 12th house(details:20/04/78 7:20am lucknow,UP,India)?
How do you teach and guide a child to value and respect time?
How does TransferWise compare to PayPal and other money transfer services?
The perimeter of an isoscales triangle is 42cm and its base is 1 1/2 each of the equal side. Find (1) the area of the triangle?
Can I pay  dollar 25 per month at Treehouse and get the Techdegree Certificate?
In what ways did the US and Britain lead to the rise of and continued to support the Third Reich?
Why can't government freely print and distribute money to eradicate poverty?
What do companies like Google and Microsoft do with the data they collect?
What are the most interesting products and innovations that Retail Properties of America is coming out with in 2016?
Why is it better to have loved and lost to never to have loved at all?
What are some of the best post through ssc and how much they get paid?
Is it worthwhile for an adviser to keep working on his/her old research topics in which there is no funding and provide funding to PhD students in areas where he/she has a little or no expertise?
Is there an eBay for completely online services and businesses (besides Craigslist)?
What is the importance of education to the United States and how are their views of education different from Norway's?
The income paid/credited showing on my 26AS statement is Rs. 1,25,367.44 (salary income) and on Form 16, the total income shown is Rs 1,33,209 (after deducting PF). Which one should I show in ITR 1 under 'Income from Chargeable Salaries'?
Which is the best lens among Nikon 55-300mm VR and Nikon 70-300mm VR for D5200?
I am applying for a US F-1 visa. My father's name in my expired and the new passport are different. Will there be any problem?
Which elements has the highest atomic number and why? Which element has the atomic number 8?
What would modern life be like had the Jim Crowe laws never been abolished and the signing of the Civil Rights Act had never happened?
Can I find personal details of a person (like house address and phone number)if i know his/her car number?
What is the answer book to the data structures and algorithm analysis in Java by Mark Allen Weiss?
How do I face my ex girlfriend if I have to see her and talk to her a day every week?
What should you do if a person whom you love is your best friend, and you just not working on it because your friendship will be ruined.?
Are there differences in the targeting/types of proteins translated in the cytosol and those transcribed in the rough/smooth endoplasmic reticulum?
Teachers: What are some teaching techniques and practices that could motivate and help students to learn?
Why am I the only one in my circle of friends and family that realised God does not exist? I just don't know how I can realise and they can't. Is it IQ
Why do we use disc brakes in front and drum brakes in rear?
What do you like the most, dislike and think is missing from Agile?
How do I get over my fear and resistance of going to the gym / exercising?
Which is the best bank among Citi, SBI, ICICI, HDFC, and Axis to open a salary account in India?
What IT use for e-business application and its specific function of Flipkart?
Where do i find a list of serious and reliable crude oil buyers?
What are the various kinds of cheese available and what is special about each of them?
In \"Macbeth\", what is Lady Macbeth's tragic flaw and how does this affect the story's course?
I'm 26, I work as software developer since 2 years and  I'm about to graduate in computer engineering. Should I take another degree in math?
What will be the impacts of rooting out 500 and 1000rs notes on Indian economy?
Should I get a pixie cut? I have straight/wavy hair and want an Emma Watson pixie cut?
Which tool is the best for Photoshop and how to download it?
Do you think that a portal is required in India where people can come and participate in discussions on current issues and can view what people in their network have to say about that?
What is the difference between sela Basmati rice and rice that doesn't have sela on the label?
In Scooby-Doo, how is the sound made that plays when Scooby and Shaggy try to run so fast that they stay in place for a few seconds before taking off?
What are ways to deal with fabricate security and insurance of android application?
What are good tools for an online employee \"suggestion box\" to gather and collaborate on product innovation ideas?
What is the best food and suitable exercise to reduce belly fat?
My sister and I had the same dream, why and what does it mean?
I am learning the \"path of hacking\" right now, and learning Kali commands. Do I need to know all the terminal commands to use tools in Kali Linux?
What salary can I expect with 3 years of experience and 5.5 LPA as my current CTC? I am technically sound in Informatica tool and working in a top MNC
Can you give a few examples of premise and theme in screenwriting?
I am married for last 1 year and I feel I made a mistake? Should I divorce her and go back to my ex?
How are careers in ministry changing and what's necessary to stay current?
How can I make everybody in the world go vegan and stop animals from getting hurt or killed?
I am a talented good looking and honest person. But I am too shy to explore who I am and have difficulties making friends. How do I become confident?
John F. Kennedy: What evidence is there that JFK and Marilyn Monroe had an affair?
I am the eldest daughter in the family but I am not as close to my sisters and cousins as they are to each other. Why is that so? They always go on outings and are very involved with each other's lives.
What are the causes and treatments for lyme disease and can it be deadly?
If you have to choose between money, power and a peaceful life, what would you choose and why?
What is the difference between biocentrism and ecocentrism? What are their similarities?
I forgot both my Apple ID and password. What should I do?
How do the Pulsar RS200 and the Bullet Classic 350 compare?
What are some good engineering and science blogs to follow on Quora?
What is the best Harry Potter book, and what is the best Harry Potter movie?
What are the strongest majors in terms of job prospects and what are the weakest majors at Emerson College?
Why aren't students in Germany, after completing a master's, able to stay for a long time in Germany, and head back to India after their course for a better probability of getting jobs?
I forgot my password for the UAN (Universal Account Number) and changed the mobile number. How do I obtain the new password?
Is encryption of email and mobile number in database good option?
In SQL, we are inserting a column with datatype varchar. Its values are taken to be ' 32n' and '10n'.How to find their sum only using SQL query? HELP
Is there any relation between gravity and time? If yes then what it is?
What are the limits of follow and unfollow on instagram per hour?
Is the AMT tax based on the difference between the strike and common share price? Or the difference between the strike and preferred share price?
When brushing my teeth, I leave the tap running and continue brushing. Can someone explain why I do this?
I have seen a lot of girls in India wear black threads on their wrists and legs. What is the significance or is it just a fashion trend?
What are the most common traffic convictions in Arkansas, and how does the severity of the convictions differ in Ohio?
How was SavReader viewer developed and what are its main characteristics?
How imp are physics derivations for engineering entrances and what about numericals? (Mains, Viteee, MU-Oet)
How do you know that you and your best friend are over?
How do I find good friends and bad friends in my friendslist?
I often know exactly what people are going to say before they've finished their sentence, and I get impatient. What should I do? What does this mean?
Is it a good idea to learn Elixir and Phoenix right now?
Is it true that Hillary Clinton and Bill Clinton are getting a divorce?
I am 1st time CAT taker, preparation started a week ago and only focusing for FMS in CAT16, how should I study?
What is the purpose of the mail merge and which one should I use?
Why do I drink 2+ gallons of water a day and still feel dehydrated?
Has anyone on this forum tried to use a Ouija board and was successful in communicating with the ghosts?
Anyone heard of Business Blocks - courses and coaching for entrepreneurs?
With Herschel Walker in mind, is it safe to perform 750 push-ups and sit-ups daily to build a healthy body?
What are some examples of exotic and endangered species in the taiga biome?
What do you think of a parent who in anger snaps and tells their child that they hate them?
How are the rates calculated for unemployment benefits in Maryland and how is the process different in Texas?
How do I find investors, visionaries and mentors for my startup at ideation stage?
Can an IAF pilot leave his pilot job and become an airline pilot?
What is the scope of electronics and telecommunication engineering in india?
In all of history, what movie had the most extreme and dangerous event in real life?
Who are some lesser known important historical figures of Laos and what should people know about them?
What difference is there between reading a novel and watching a movie adapted from that novel?
What was nearly the most successful attempt at attaining world peace, and how come the attempt didn't completely succeed?
Why do dogs hate skateboards and what can we do about this issue?
What's it like to buy and renovate a property in a foreign country?
What is the difference between IT and COE courses at NSIT or DTU?
What are the pros and cons of each Hero in Hearthstone?
Does the SP of a district have to work under the DM of that district in maintaining law and order? Is the SP in a district considered subordinate to the DM/collector?
Which is a best book for Indian geography and world geography for an ias preparation...?
Is my hypothesis right/wrong that Singapore would not obtain their achievements as of today if Indonesia and Malaysia had clean governance nationally and locally (in dealing with Singapore/an) since independence?
How, if at all, is the accent, pitch and voice of gay men different than that of straight men and how accurate is voice in determining sexual orientation?
Who will win in a fight between Brainiac and (Star Trek) USS Starship Enterprise?
Is Islam against seeking material wealth and enjoying worldly pleasures if legally obtained?
I've been to different schools for my 9th, 10th and 11th-12th grade. Can my current high school submit all of my grades/transcript?
What are the strongest majors in terms of job prospects and what are the weakest majors at Drake University?
Why does OLA needs more capital/funds in current scenario. Does Uber and Didi (China's) merge will affect OLA and Indian economy?
I have booked a ticket in IRCTC and made a transaction through the credit card getaway of ICICI, and because my bank (Bank of Baroda) is not shown in the list of banks, I have cancelled it and the refund status showed that the amount was refunded but it hasn't.Please read the Details.Its been 20 days since cancellation. What should I do?
Is Trump really dumb and ignorant, or is it all just an act?
I plan to buy a premium theme from ThemeForest and host it on managed WordPress a/c for 3 years. What are the steps and precautions to be followed?
I am a Fourth year CSE engineering student placed at TCS. But I would like to pursue my career as a developer. Should I prepare for GATE and get into IITs for placement at big-wig companies or focus on working at TCS and gain some experience then switch to other reputed companies?
What is difference between correlation and regression? What is its use in linear graph.
What towns are located near the Kilauea, and how does this volcano's activity compare to the volcanoes in Russia?
I am supposed to wear contacts but I haven't for a while. I see pretty well without them so I forget. The other day I put them in and (my vision is different in each eye) I noticed I saw better without the contact in in my left eye. Does this mean my sight has gotten better or worse in that eye?
I found a serious bug with a product company and reported them but they did not even acknowledge my efforts. Should I go public ?
Heb 11:1 - Faith is evidence of things not seen. The devil knows God exists and that Jesus died and rose again. Is saved by faith then applicable to him or just saved by grace?
Should i refer Sn Sanyal and halliday resnick walker for organic chemistry and physics respectively?
Can someone read their messages and the sender not be aware because it has delivered icon only?
How much spending money should I bring to Thailand? I'm like a shopaholic and I'm going for 3 weeks. (Don't include food or anything)?
Teachers: have you ever had a favorite student and if so why was he/she your favorite?
Is there an inpatient Drug and Alcohol Rehab Center in Siskiyou County California?
I have a laptop, Internet, and  dollar 100. How do I make money with these items?
What's the future for my relationship if we both love each other and want to end up together but want to have experience with other people?
What were the major effects of the cambodia earthquake, and how do these effects compare to the Peru earthquake in 1687?
How can I learn the designing and building part of mechanical engineering?
Why do some boys also gain fat in their thighs and what are some ways to reduce it?
While CAES use turbine to compress air. Is it possible to use refrigeration and then a pressurize tank as liquid temperature reaches equilibrium?
What chemicals does use to poison and kill a human that's not detestable?
What are the best scientific and realistic Survival Shows and Channels?
I wanna be a UI dveloper, I know HTML CSS javascript and a bit of jquery, from where I should I start?
What are the strongest majors in terms of job prospects and what are the weakest majors at Jackson State?
Why do all my friends have parents that throw them extremely expensive parties and go on luxurious vacations? How can I become less annoyed by it?
How do I hide my IP and protect myself from hackers?
How does George Bush\u2019s staff\u2019s personal email server usage and deletion of messages compare to Hillary Clinton's?
For the past 2 weeks almost 3, I have been feeling sick to my stomach and always feel uncomfortable when I eat something sweet. What could this be?
I have two  rupee 1 notes (1 printed in 1985 and 1 in 1986). Are they valuable or do they cost just 1 rupee?
If the Republicans historically were opposed to slavery and pro civil rights, why do African Americans tend to support Democrats?
Which is a good inpatient drug and alcohol rehab center near Warren County GA?
Is it normal to sleep for 5 hours and wake up feeling very energized?
I love to write software code. Companies now-a-days are not having much coding and development jobs. Any job with coding opportunities and earning?
Who would win in a war between Japan and North Korea without any outside intervention?
How can hemangioma formation of the skin and subcutaneous tissue be treated?
How does lucid dreaming feel like? What can you do and what have you done? (Someone that's done lucid dreaming before please.)
I am a third year BE chemical engineering student who is deeply interested in working in the world of finance and economics, how can I proceed further to finally work in this field?
Which is a suitable inpatient drug and alcohol rehab center near Valley County ID?
Why do I feel tired in the morning and super energetic at night?
What is the difference between a smart card and a credit card? What do they share in common?
Why do you choose to upvote an answer on Quora, and what are the consequences of upvoting an answer?
2015 Solar power created more jobs in the US than oil and gas drilling combined. What solar and clean energy projects are happening in your state?
What are the strongest majors in terms of job prospects and what are the weakest majors at Georgia Southern University?
My mom is nearly 50 years old, with a basic knowledge of the English language. I want her to start reading books which have a simple story and language usage, as a lot of difficult words would only deteriorate her will to read. What books should she start with?
Which are the pros and cons of the master's program of systems, control and robotics at KTH (Stockholm)?
What is the deepest lake in Europe, and how does this lake's flora and fauna compare to that of Lake Eerie?
What is difference between endothermic and exothermic reaction if both require activation energy?
Why Central Govt banned old 500 and 1000 Rs note, but issued new 500 and 2000 Rs note?
Does Patreon permit multiple content creator accounts and can I create multiple campaigns?
What is the psychological explanation of women who need sexually dominant men and of their need to be dominated generally?
How effective is Steven Stosny's Boot Camp, a workshop teaching how to end abuse and save a relationship, at preventing divorce?
I have 2 masters degrees, an H1B visa valid till 2021, and 2 years of work experience. I got laid off, why can't I get a job again?
What is OpenGL? How is linked to GPU? What are the differences between CUDA and OpenGL? Is it restricted to any particular graphics card family?
What are the main rights, elements and factors divided among federal government and constituent units in USA?
What is a suitable inpatient drug and alcohol rehab center in Keokuk County IA?
Is it possible that one be serious and happy at the same time?
Ladies, what would you do/think if a random guy came up to you and told you that you were attractive? In what circumstance would you find that creepy?
What if we never tell nonsensical stories to children and instead straight out tell them the truth about things?
Is it possible to solve the problem of drought and floods if we align the rivers of India?
I'm really insecure about my height. I'm 13 and only 5'1, and I'm worried because both my parents are short. Will l be tall?
Why is my voice changing and I am not able to sing?
What is the difference between B.Sc (interior design) offered by SIET and B.Des (interior design) offered by SRM?
Why is Breaking Bad so popular, the highest rated and the most watched show? Isn't it sad that most popular show of our time is about drugs and crime?
How do I get rid of my acne and get nice skin?
How can I use Omegle on my iPod Touch and how is it compared to using Camstumble?
Earphones are marked as left and right but is there any difference?
I have a 2 GB micro SD card and it may be corrupted. How can I get all my data back?
What are some pros and cons of the US Navy Aviation?
How hard is it to obtain American citizenship and work professionally in the USA as a Muslim?
What can I do to not feel depressed and like a stagnant human being when and in the hours after I wake up?
Why do I feel so warm and fuzzy when in love?
What are some short, nice, and beautiful stories about saving money?
Why curl (rot) is a cross product between gradient and vector field? Is there any intuition for this?
What are the reviews of Pearl Academy, Mumbai? It's recently opened and I'm not sure if it's the right choice to join it for fashion design or not.
I want to start a ground nut manufacturing plant.how do I start dis, and for what price should I buy rawnuts and for which price should I sell?
How are placements at ISB for people with more than 8 years of experience, especially for those coming from the IT industry? I have 8 years of experience in the IT industry and looking for a functional shift to Program Management post MBA. Can any alum/current student who has been there and done that share some insight?
What is the city of Washington's nickname and why was it given this name?
How can I improve my english speaking and writing skills very fast?
I've planned a trip to nainital from 21st to 23rd. landslide and heavy rainfall is occurring in these days. How the situation will be ok till 21st?
Why do many Americans like to go on and on talking about their feelings?
I have 95 percent in 10th standard ,91 percent in 12th standard and a Cgpa of 7.1 from BITS Pilani . At what percentile can I expect a call from IIM-A/B/C?
Why is the south a more prime, expensive and preferred location to reside in most urban cities?
Why do theaters in India exploit customers by not allowing basic drinking water inside and rather charge huge amounts for the same while selling it?
How do I start a conversation via Facebook messenger with a girl I like and went to high school with but never talked to? I don't see her anymore so I can't talk to her in person.
How can you improve the question \"Is it true and than why the growth of a black hole stops around 50 billion solar masses?\"?
My English is great (2nd language)! Going back to law, public speaking and essay writing are priorities. How can I make it better?
Which of the topics I should study from FM and hydrology and irrigation for gate CE?
How is the movie Kaththi featuring Vijay and Samantha in the lead and directed by A.R. Murugadoss?
Why did Hillary just demote her closest confidant and adviser, Huma Abedin, to \"one of my staffers?\"
Why does my skin get dry only on my forehead and around my nose during winter?
Relation between norm and mod n in terms of calculation of length?
I'm working as officer scale 1 in regional rural banks. What will be the growth level and job prospects? Can I shift to commercial banks from RRB after writing JAIIB and CAIIB?
Why did Obama turn his back on Israel and make the Iran deal?
If you have a 100 percent in a class and then you get a 60 percent on a test, what would your grade be?
Why do Quora moderators add topics such as Needs to Be a Complete Sentence and Survey Questions instead of correcting the questions themselves?
How do I set up a network printer and connect it to my PC?
Where is the Baraka River located, and how does it compare to the Amur River?
How do I prepare class 9 science sst and maths in one month cbse plzz answer fast?
Which books and online sites are best for the GRE and TOEFL preparation?
State and explain three ethical consideration and concern in the social and global context of human computer interaction?
What is the difference between Nvidia Quadro and Geforce? How each of them perform on CAD and Gaming?
Which is the most shocking and unexpected moment in your life?
Can I have a cup of green tea in the morning and after dinner in the evening?
What was your JEE Advanced 2016 rank and corresponding marks? Also mention your category.
Is a graduate degree in organizational and nonprofit management worth it? Why?
Can a non technical guy learn and make his career in big data analytics (hadoop)?
What would cause my scooter headlights to flash on and off in a sequence of 3 or more times every time I turn onto a new road?
What is the academic pressure and workload at Texas Woman's University like?
What are 'known accounts',of iPhone and Android App users; used by Apps for?
What is a suitable inpatient drug and alcohol rehab center near Fremont County CO?
I've got 83.95 percentile in CAT 2015. I am confused where should I apply and which are the colleges accepting this score?
Which is a suitable inpatient drug and alcohol rehab center near Cobb County GA?
Is there an end to the universe, and if not, is the universe infinite?
My 8 year old son wants to join a boxing club. He is quite fragile and I am afraid that he will injure himself severely. Should I let him?
Which are the major highways in California and how are they compared to the major highways in Mississippi?
What is the best way to read the CSV data from an URL and storing the feed in the MongoDB using Python?
What happens when a batsman hit a shot and ball hits the spidercam?
Are John the Apostle, John the Evangelist, and John the Baptist all the same person?
What are the advantages and disadvantages of using structures in C?
How can I be more creative and innovative as a mechanical engineering student?
How do I make an Android app with Python? I want to make an app with artificial intelligence and an algorithm. Should I code it in Java or Python?
What is a good inpatient drug and alcohol rehab center in Harlan County KY?
In the Tsar's Winter Palace, how were the halls heated for parties and balls? How was the heat comfortably maintained without thermostats?
What are the best universities for Modern Languages and what makes them the best universities for Modern Languages?
How will the step taken of demonetisation of Rs 1000 and Rs 500 notes affect the life of middle class people?
I am a class 9th CBSE student. Should I target topics and do them in a time or make a timetable and set how many hours I have to give to each subject?
How do I fix Redmi note 3 lock screen slide up and down issue? I dnt want to use slide on lock screen how can I fixed?
Writing fifth attempt of IPCC in Nov2016 I got 165 and 151 in last two attempts and I am getting only 20 days leave advise me?
What is the purpose of an Adam's apple and why do only men appear to have it?
Are DNA ancestry companies such as 23 and me very reliable or a waste of money?
How do I see someone's WhatsApp DP and status message when their visibility is set to contacts only and I'm not in their list?
In act one of \"Romeo and Juliet\", what are some oxymorons?
How could NHS like system be setup in India, and will it be better or worse?
Where is the Baraka River located, and how does it compare to the Songhua River?
What are the requirements to become president in the United States and how are the requirements different in Switzerland?
What are the most common traffic convictions in Arkansas, and how does the severity of the convictions differ in Missouri?
What is the reason behind that the Lord Skandakumara is called as 'Tamilian God' and is so much celebrated in South India rather than North India?
What is the symbol for gravity, and how does Earth's gravity compare to Jupiter\u2019s?
How can I keep my cat from pooping and peeing outside the litter box?
What is a polar covalent bond and what is an example of one?
What are the differences between the Anglican Church and the Church of England? What are some examples?
How do reset an iPhone with a broken home button and without knowing my password?
Why did not eastern European nations go for colonization of Africa and Asia similar to western European nations?
After a root canal, is it usual for the dentist to cut the tooth and shorten it enough to look hideous - to put the dental cap on it?
What will be the repercussions of banning Rs 500 and Rs 1000 notes on Indian economy?
Why do some Indonesians (especially Javanese and Sundanese) not have a family name?
How much do people typically spend on engagement and wedding rings for the groom and the bride?
What is the actual land and boundary dispute between India and China?
Is it possible for a radio wave to sense an object and be able to know what it is (not us, the radio wave) using a database?
Why don't politicians get a punishment for false, misleading statements and fake promises given during election campaigns in India?
How do you recognize white privilege when it's there and how do you recognize it if it's not there?
What are the pros and cons of fish ladders in dams?
How man alter the earth system and solar system as a whole?
Why does Iowa believe in not invoking the death penalty and why do they see this as beneficial?
What integer solutions to x and y are there for 167x+113y=1?
What is the origin of the U.S. Space and Naval Warfare Systems Command and what is its purpose?
In a hypothetical scenario in which half of Planet Earth \"disappears\" with the hemi-Earth's composition and orbital behavior remaining \"intact\", what perturbations in the gravitational field on the hemi-Earth's surface are expected to occur?
What's the difference in a woman's cum and a man's cum? Like texture, colour, smell, taste, quantity or anything?
What's the difference between a soft tail and hard tail motorcycle?
What are the pros and cons of a pop-up tent camper?
What should a person do if he really loves a girl and he knows she will not respond but he can't forget her?
How can I emigrate to America, I am a young man and a Sudanese resident in Saudi Arabia Married?
What is difference between inspiration and motivation and which is more important?
What website explains buddhism and its various strands in a more sensible way?
Why is Google changing its UI to AngularJs Technology even many results and study shows that AngularJs kills SEO Technology?
Is there any free project on big data and Hadoop, which I can download and do practice?
Why does Pakistan shun it's glorious pre-Islamic history and identify only with Arab/Middle-Eastern movements?
Who is the smartest, and who is the dumbest person in the world?
What is greater than God, more evil than the devil, the poor have it, the rich need it, and if you eat it you'll die? What is the answer for this riddle?
Is there state quota for MD/MS seats in private and govt medical colleges after NEET-PG like it is in Delhi for DU/IP graduated doctors?
I am currently doing my MBBS in india and interested to do PG in UK. Is giving PLAB exam compulsory?
My exbf wanted to mend the broken relationship because of his insecurity and mistakes. we do still love each other, don't know if I should trust him?
Is Modi's decision on demonetization of 500 and 1000 notes welcomed by public?
How can string theory claim to unify general relativity and quantum mechanics without any equations, postulates, principles, or physical strings?
How the translator job in India and which are the languages in demand?
Why is there a blue flame in burning LPG gas and a yellow flame on burning wood?
What does 'intricate' mean and how would you use it in a sentence?
Are there any dating sites which use Myers-Briggs Type Indicators to rank people, and is it more effective than sites which don't use MBTI?
India bought a Kiev-class aircraft carrier recently and I also know of such a thing as a Nimitz-class destroyer. What do Kiev and Nimitz mean?
What are the best health and fitness blogs to follow on Tumblr?
What is the location of Palawan, and how does this Island compare to Futuna?
How do I delete my gmail only from one device and retain the same on other devices?
I dont have any performing talent and I need to perform something on stage, what should I do?
How do I start my own multlibrand men clothing and accessories with discounts and what are the permissions to be taken?
Has there been an increase in UFO activity in recent years and what could be the significance of this?
What is the difference between global maximum and minimum temperature for simulation and analysis purpose in ANSYS?
Why do some people prefer \"Kubo and The Two Strings\" to \"Storks (2016 movie)\"?
How can I start forming good habits, and what are some good habits to form?
Which description is the labels others have given you, and which is how you actually are?
I live in Lagos Nigeria. Where can I get editing and proofreading jobs online?
Right now I am studying in the 3rd year of B.Tech and I wanted to start a product based company. On what subject should I concentrate and what are the pre requirements that are needed?
What's the long term impact of demonetization of 500 and 1000 notes on Indian economy?
What is a geocentric theory and what is an example of it?
What are the problems and limitations of the easy drag and drop game engines?
My crush told me she is not my friend, and I should respect her privacy. What should I do?
Who are the online data storage providers for Free and free storage up to 250 GB?
A pressure measuring device has a calibrated range with the low point at -100 kPa and the high point at 460 kPa. What would be the span of measurement?
Why did the Ancient Greeks refer to Ancient Blacks (the Ethiopians) as 'blameless' and 'favored by the gods'? Also, what does it mean?
Where on this planet can I go to be alone and relax for 2 weeks on a minimal budget?
If the Hindu calendar is based on Vikram Samvat and it is only 2072 year old, how can we actually calculate Holi and Diwali, which is assumed to be older than the present calendar?
URGENT. My Net Protector antivirus ran a windows vulnerability scan and it showed 82 vulnerabilities. 2 critical, 50 important and 5 moderate. There is no option to do anything to repair this problem. What shall I do? I am not sure what the problem even means.
Where is the Baraka River located, and how does it compare to the Amazon River?
What is the difference between flying a passenger jet and a cargo jet. Are there things pilots do differently?
What was the significance of the battle of Somme, and how did this battle compare and contrast to the Battle of Eslands River?
Why weren't George W. Bush, Dick Cheney and Tony Blair charged with alleged war crimes for invading Iraq?
How long will it be before flight crews on airliners are replaced by on board computers and remotely managed systems similar to modern drones?
What is the capital of Argentina and what is its history?
Do candidates recommended under CDS in SSB(For IMA and OTA) get merit out since there is a shortage of officers in the Indian Army?
I joined JEE classes in July starting the Non Attending system and now I am Feeling I cannot do it anymore??
Has any girl experienced a rebound relationship and how does she feel about it? Does she feel good?
How should big data, machine learning, and data science affect the field of education?
How would the movie be if Karan Dharma Kama Johar had directed and produced the Hindi version of the movie Terminator 2?
Why specific heat capacity is important and why is it different for different substances?
Can I go to GATE examination center with a moustache and beard if my photograph on ID card is with a shaved face?
A kilogram of antimatter was made in my lab and contained within a magnetic confinement chamber. Now if the chamber fails and the antimatter comes into contact with the environment, what exactly happens?
If someone injects you with heroin while you sleep and are unaware of the injection, will you still become addicted?
What are some good business terms and phrases to know in Japanese?
What are good ways to research and choose colleges to apply to?
I am 21 and want to start a consultancy firm. I am a B.Comm graduate and I feel I can do a great job. What companies or individuals will prefer me over other, larger companies?
Two equal circles passes through the centres of each other and intersect each other at A and B. A line passes through point A intersecting the two circles at points C and D. How can I prove that the triangle formed by the points B,C and D is equilateral?
Does having no religion always equals believing in no god, and does belonging to a religious group always equals believing in god(s)?
My current sal is 14L INR and have a SG offer of 6k SGD, should I accept? Hike is due here and I may get 1L+. what is equivalent sal I should ask?
Are nearly all the questions in the \"Psychopath\" and \"Sociopath\" Topics on Quora a product of trolling, or are they serious?
What are some critical and non critical races in digital circuits?
I cannot fully understand how Hadoop Yarn and Apache Spark work, and I am not familiar with terms like resource manager, cluster manager, and so on. Should I first study distributed systems? If so, what are some recommended resources?
Why does Tywin Lannister keep Sansa Stark alive and wed to Tyrion Lannister after hearing that Robb Stark (and his mother) has died?
What are the strongest majors in terms of job prospects and what are the weakest majors at Vassar College?
What are the major stereotypes people have about Austria and to what extent are they true?
Can I use php for socket programming and tell me any good book.?
Which technologies in the world are currently in hands of tech and science people that can make a significant change if given to common people?
What is the cutoff score that NMIMS Bangalore and Hyderabad kept for last year?
What are a few automobile projects related to design and analysis of automobile part?
How do I check if I'm blacklisted by Malaysian immigration and barred from entering Malaysia?
Why are doctors not being punished who prescribe opiates for those not even in pain and typically end up addicted? What do they get from doing this?
What questions to ask the CEO and founder of an organization during interviewing?
How does the rest of world perceive, understand, view and opine about Abrahamic religions?
What is the quantity of cement, steel, sand and metal and aggregate required for building 1320 cubic foot of wall?
What degrees did Albert Einstein receive and Stephen howking? Please tell me\u2026
Where can I get ben and jerry's ice cream in mumbai?
How can I improve my problem solving and critical thinking skills?
What is a good way to reduce aches and pains the day after a hard workout?
Why do English lawyers use wigs and continue to do so to this day?
Why do scifi movies depict a future of uniformity and there are no personal status symbols or public displays of wealth?
I had anorexia for years and now I'm bulimic. I can't help myself and am so ashamed. What should I do?
Will sony keep its entertainment and gaming divisions while selling the electronics division?
What are the different types of dirt bike racing, and how do they differ from each other?
What is your review of The We and the I (2012 movie)?
Can anyone proclaim to be a new prophet sent from God and write a book and have the same number of believers as Islam or Christianity?
I can see his photo and status, but I sent a message on WhatsApp and there's only one tick. Am I blocked? He doesn't let anyone see his last seen
How would it affect our lives if everything we felt and thought was automatically written in a book?
What Toni Morrison book should I start out with, and is there anything I should know before I start reading her novels?
What are the ways to reduce the compilation and execution times for C programs?
Can blind deaf people become preppers and homesteaders? If so, how?
Why do Christians refuse to accept the concept of good and evil? Is this a new idea that the majority of the world's religions do not share?
What are the most interesting products and innovations that Agree Realty is coming out with in 2016?
When designing a mobile app, what screen size and resolution should I create?
What are the advantages and disadvantages of both top-down and bottom-up approaches to database design?
I am doing diploma from computer science what are the points I should follow and remember to attain a good career, any suggestion from experienced one?
How oneside love stories buds and proliferates but never ends (My feelings)?
Why didn't Genghis Khan invade India and overthrow the Delhi Sultanate?
My boyfriend has become infrequent in texting me and it makes me wonder if we should break up or if I'm emotionally unprepared for a relationship?
Can I see the friends and messages my husband has on WhatsApp?
What is the weather in Orlando like on June, and how does it differ from the weather in August?
With some directors like Sajid Khan, Rohit Shetty, actors like Salman Khan, and movies like Bodyguard, Hamshakals, and Kick, where is the Indian film industry heading?
How could religion teach it's members peace, goodness, morality and tolerance and also be used as the basis for instigating violent acts?
Can you take Evening Primrose Oil and Birth Control Pills simultaneously?
Why is there a strong pro-Jewish and pro-Israel sentiment in India?
What are the salaries for the Indian MARCOS, SEAL team 6 and other elite forces in the world?
I enjoy company but feel more content when I'm alone and tend to stay alone more and more. Should I join a sorority at Columbia University?
What are some good German universities for data and knowledge engineering and software engineering for a master's program in English?
How are online shopping sites like Flipkart and SnapDeal able to sell products at such a low cost, and how do shops like Croma, Vijay Sales, etc., deal with this?
Which one among Moto G (3rd gen), Samsung Galaxy J5, and HTC Desire 626G+ should I buy? Why?
Is \"Why aren't I in you?\" a good, confident, funny, and attractive pick up line (either online or offline)?
What does the metaphor \"I cannot live on the bank of a river and wash my hands with spittle\" mean ?
Does Medusa have pubes and if so are they snakes too?
I am a student. I do not have enough time and money. How can I help poor people in hospitals?
I have a 200 score in the JEE Main paper 2, and 65 percent in the CBSE board exam. Can I get admitted to the NIT under st category?
How do I make my husband understand that it is just because of a girl's craziness and not out of greediness I get astonished by seeing big bungalows and luxury cars?
What Amazon APIs are product like Jungle Scout and amasuite using behind the scene?
As an admit to Columbia for an MS in computer engineering and to the University of Maryland (UMD) for an MS in computer science, which should I pick?
What are the most interesting products and innovations that Deckers Brands is coming out with in 2016?
How do I tell my ultra, fundamentalist and almost extremist Catholic parents I'm an atheist?
Which are the best Drug or Alcohol Rehab, Detox and Recovery Program Centers in the Mono County California area?
What should an operator do (to increase revenues) in an emerging economy (such as Brazil) if it doesn't have a 3G network and it has a small subscriber base in just one part of the country (like the capital city)?
How can I ask for the correction of personal details in my Provident Fund ID? My father's name and date of birth provided by my new employer to the PF office are incorrect. Can it be done?
Will the Symboisis University of Applied Science, Indore (SUAS) for \"CS and IT\" (combined degree) be a good option in terms of Faculty, Placements etc
What are the pre requisites and what happens in SAIC society at Thapar University?
What should be the beam depth and column size for 6 metre span between the columns?
We are supplier of high Quality Methylone, Ethylone 4mmc and different products of very good quality and competitive prices.makenchemstore at Gmail.com?
What does it mean when you ask a girl out and she says she is talking to someone?
Where can I get best asbestos remediation and demolition services in Sydney?
Why don't environmental organisations in the US and the world talk about how animal agriculture contributes to 51 percent of global warming?
Do raw materials like coal and iron travel by train-only on land, or do they use trucks and planes too, like Amazon, Ebay, and Jet use?
My shoulder rest is putting too much pressure on my shoulder as I play and subsequently is causing pain. What's wrong and how do I fix it?
I want a girl friend. So I can share my feelings and thoughts With her. How can I find a girl on Quora?
I am a junior CS major looking for internships. I hope to be a software engineer after graduation, and I was offered a QA internship. Would QA be good moving forward for software engineering? Or should I keep looking for software engineering internships?
If a merchant ship departs from India and has to unload cargo in Australia. Which port will it choose? Why?
What are the latest research topics in the field of repair and rehabilitation of concrete structures?
Can I play contact sports like Soccer and engage in activities like swimming after having ICL implants?
I want to enlist into the Air Force and I scored a 90 on my ASVAB. I'm thinking about making a career out of this and I'm super interested in the RPA Sensor Operator job. Is this a good idea?
How do you recover when your lover leaves you and you\u2019re not even sure why ?
What does it mean when you're talking to a guy and then he rearranges/touches his crotch?
What is a suitable inpatient drug and alcohol rehab center in Quitman County GA?
2) Who do lakes, streams, and oceans differ from each other?
Is there any budget hotel in Allahabad (clean and nearby railway station)?
I have a Samsung Gt 19082 Android. How do I copy and send the name/number from contacts by SMS or share verbally on a call to a caller?
If I went back in time and was killed would I create a time loop?
How can I make an Internet friend and keep the friendship?
I feel extremely tired after returning from school and coaching, due to which I can not study for hours. What should I do?
What is a Cyber Protection or cyber security? What are their merits and demerits? How it can be harmful for us?
Which parts of the human body will remain alive and for how much time after death?
Which is the centrally located and cheap hotel in Dothan Al?
Can a person have both a penis and a vagina? Can a person have neither?
Why do we feel cold in the winter and hot in the summer?
If you could read only 5 books to improve and change yourself completely.which books would they be? Why?
Can mixing big amounts of alcohol, weed and acid lead to brain damage?
Why do some guys have orgasms that are intense and hurt him so bad like having a heart attack after sex?
Libraries and Librarianship: Where can I buy Marvel and DC comics comic books in Mumbai?
What are the strongest majors in terms of job prospects and what are the weakest majors at Barnard College?
How can I brush my dogs teeth? He keeps just licking the toothpaste and moves his head so he can get to the paste.
Why is life so cruel to some people and so kind for some? Why isn't life fair with everyone?
If you have to choose between mount bromo and ijen kawah what one should choose?
My age is 28. I am an engineer, and now I want to be a doctor. What should I do now?
How exactly is Pradhanmantri Jan Dhan Yojana different from asking people to go and open a bank account in any local branch?
How do I deal with a rude and condescending room mate?
What are the benefits and drawbacks of living in a joint family?
Why do journalist like Wolf Blitzer care more about worthless paintings and sculptures than people victims of isis?
What are the main characteristics of a strong, reliable, mature, and lovable man that every one would be proud to be with (as a wife, friend, \u2026)?
I am a beginner logo designer. Is there a standard to follow for size, resolution and format (jpeg, Photoshop, vector) when creating design?
I like working with maths, solving problems etc. How can I decide between engineering and finance? I prefer doing calculations to manual work.
What is the climate of California's coastal regions, and how does it compare to the climate in Idaho?
Is there a difference between native mini display port and just mini display port on Macbook air?
Skype: what is the difference between blocking someone and removing them from your contacts?
What are the best interview questions that are tricky and require presence of mind to answer them?
I want to create a website where users would create a login and make lists that would be saved in a database. Can I just create empty tables in Access, make forms and save/post them in XML?
Can one get bullied and harrased for posting questions and opinions?
How can I integrate Twitter Analytics with Google Analytics? I have looked at Hootesuite and a couple of other services. But I was wondering if there is another way of pulling in 'Twitter' Analytics data into Google Analytics?
How do oil companies feel knowing oil and gas (fossil fuel,coal) will soon get depleted?
After I get out of school I feel all tired and don't want to make homework and stuff how can I overcome this?
Why are only Indians and Americans are so active on Quora?
I am a very good singer and I want to let someone famous know?
Is it possible to know the name and other such details based on seat number,coach number,train number and date of travel in Indian Railways?
What should be the time table to manage both subjective and competitive study for a student of 9th?
What is the difference between Debug and Release in Visual Studio?
Why exactly is Germanic and Russophone humour as a whole rather dark?
Aren't genetic algorithms basically generating information out of nothing, and doesn't this prove that algorithms exist to create information? Or is it all a hoax?
How can plan a trip for 3 and half days to Goa so as to explore the best of it?
If Hillary Clinton passes away between her election and when she is sworn in, who would become president? Would there be another election?
What are the main imports and exports of Venezuela, and how does Venezuela's industry compare to Cuba's?
Stupidest question you will ever hear. If a dog licks your hand and you wipe yourself and put tissue in your drawers is that safe?
What are the strongest majors in terms of job prospects and what are the weakest majors at Dickinson College?
The radius of two cylinders are in the ratio 3:2 and their heights are in the ratio 4:5. How do I calculate the ratio of the curved surface area?
What is the Mobvista 700 folder on my phone and can I delete it without causing problems to my phone?
What is MySQL used for and what are its advantages and disadvantages?
I am physically strong, but very weak emotionally and mentally. What should I do to get over it?
I'm doing PG and wants to go for a PhD, but now I have only 6 month left to complete my PG and am planning to take the GRE by Jan 2015. Is my decision to take the GRE now right, or should I focus on my studies and internship projects or manage time for both, as both are equally important?
How is wind energy classified, and how does it differ from nuclear energy?
I have a 2.71/4.0 GPA majoring in Architecture and work experience outside the EU, can I do a masters in Seville University?
What is happening when you go in for one lab test and they cannot withdraw enough blood for that one test?
If you get free food, shelter and clothing will you study?
Can I move back to India permanently after gaining PR and Citizenship in Canada and Australia after 3 years of stay there?
Why aren't Jill Stein, Bernie Sanders, and Gary Johnson in the debate?
I am a 13 year old girl, and I am overweight. I am 5 feet 5 inches tall, and weigh 120 pounds. How do I lose weight?
What are some good movies and documentaries about wealth gathering and wealthy people?
What was the Protestant Reformation and what political effects did it have?
If honesty is the best policy then why most of the honest people remain poor and middle class, but dishonest people get rich?
Is there a difference in quality between wired and wireless headphones? If so, why?
Which Chetan Bhagat book should we read and which one should we not?
My WhatsApp stopped working. I'm not able to get to load. I'm gonna delete it from my phone and reinstall it. Will I lose all my messages/groups?
I have had dreams about my best friend (who has a girlfriend) in which he kisses and hugs me, and it keeps repeating in my different dreams every night. What does it mean?
University of Wollongong digital system security vs University of London computing and information system, which major is better?
Does dark matter ripple when galaxy clusters collide and wave in a double slit experiment?
How do I prepare for IBPS PO exam and what are the books to follow?
As I understand it, Henry Ford, was a big believer in creating a self generating/ increasing marketplace in which his autos were affordable and desired by his factory workers. My question is, did Ford have a view on price, labor costs and materials inflation based on the prior statement? Any good books on Ford's view on Economics specifically?
Facebook constantly shows me this message and does not allows me to send friend request, what to do?
What are the most interesting products and innovations that Albany International is coming out with in 2016?
What sort of questions do HKU and HKUST ask in undergraduate interviews?
How do I maintain Copper Water Pipe and avoid green spots?
A normal carbon atom has 6 neutrons, and carbon-12 has 6 neutrons, so how is carbon-12 an isotope?
Wheel of Time (book series): SPOILER ALERT: Question about Rand and Moridin at the end of A Memory of Light?
Why is so dificult to get views and subscribers on youtube?
Are there some differences between international student and local student in UK about the question of protecting environment?
What were the similarities and differences in the geography of ancient Egypt and ancient Mesopotamia?
Why don't we vote on what we want instead of electing a president and a few congressmen to make all the big decisions for our country?
How can I get accutane in London and how expensive is it when using a private doctor?
My son says he dreams about slowly killing girls and gets off on watching videos of or looking at pictures of girls getting stabbed or tortured?
When should we use have, has and had, in a sentence?
Should I take the internship I already have or risk not having one, and go for what are probably much better ones?
Is energy in vacuum real? How do we know that this energy that can be borrowed and returned immediately is real if virtual particles didn't exist then?
What is the reason for 100 fever and weakness nightly since last 75 days?
Why do some people prefer to watch the movie \"Kubo and The Two Strings\" to \"Storks\"?
How come in one eye you see more warm and the other you see more cool (color)?
I was my husband's mistress when he was married to his first wife and now I see what a horrible thing I did. How do you ever make amends for wrecking someone's home?
If you had a chance to go back in time and talk to yourself at a younger age what would you tell yourself?
It's only 1 month left for my 12th (PCM) CBSE board exams 2017 and I didn't study at all. How can I get 80 percent+ ? Any tips guys?
Can one get a Canadian work permit and then look for a job?
What are the advantages and disadvantages of banning 500 and 1000 notes in India?
I haven't participated in any kind of extracurricular activities on campus and ended my second year with no certification plus an average CGPA. What should I do to get back into the league and stand as a strong candidate for jobs or campus recruitment?
If someone gives you  dollar  1 billion and asks you to spend it in 1 day, how will you spend it?
I have X percent in 10th, Y percent in 12th and Z percent in Undergrad, what should be my CAT score to make it to an IIM?
Trump said immigrants are treated better than veterans and he will change that. How will he do that?
How does CPA marketing work and how can I start making money with it?
I've asked my boyfriend to stop drinking so frequently. It's like a 6 pack and 24 oz every day or so. He can't seem to stop. Am I overreacting?
How do you stay home and make money in your pajamas?
How do I reduce fat and build muscles at the same time?
Which software for Mac will allow me to import a video and let me draw over each separate frame?
Can someone hack my phone by only knowing my IP and MAC address even I and he are not connected to the same network?
I got two offers, one from Mahindra and Mahindra Ltd Chennai and other is from Johnson controls Pune. Which one better?
How are football dome stadiums built and how are they designed?
In a relationship, is love lost after some time and do you have to find it again?
What are the coming games for PS4 in March 2017 and further? (Best and epic games with awesome graphics)
What is the location of Palawan, and how does this Island compare to Mo'orea?
Can I, a UK citizen go to Oregon in the US, and use the assisted suicide program?
What is the difference between GATE 2017 and GATE 2018 forums other than validity?
What is the ideal time and number of hours one should sleep?
What are some good topics related to Big Data and Internet of things (IOT) for a master's thesis in Management of Technology?
How do I gradually get fit and healthy on my own?
Who is your celebrity crush and what draws you to them?
Why do people most of the time try to outsmart others, strive so hard to earn money and work so hard to achieve fame when they know they don't carry anything to their grave?
Is there a way you can get pictures redeveloped if they're from 1988 and you don't have the negative picture film?
What are some of the biggest Hollywood and Bollywood oops moments?
What's the job, which improve system performance, setup whole system, and performing systems, maybe manage supply chains, ...or something like that?  I need some advice for setup my career, please!
Why are Buddhists very open to criticism on Buddhism while Muslims and Christians are so resistant to criticism on Islam and Christianity?
What are the possibilities of a nuclear war between India and Pakistan after the surgical strike attack on pok?
How is the life of people working in senior-level management and mid-level management in public sector banks?
I am in love with a girl. I can sense she also likes me very much. But she says she cant get over her ex and is very much restricting herself from me.. What can I do in this position?
What is the count of Tech Startup in 2012 and 2013 in Silicon Valley?
What is the difference between business class and economy class in air travel?
Who's creating insurgency by burning and demolishing schools of Kashmir Valley?
Do Americans gravitate to strange cults and religions more than other nationalities and, if so, why?
If the cops come to my house and I don't answer the door what can happen?
Cognitive Neuroscience: How can we tap into and unleash the unused 90 percent of our brains?
2007 researches about leisure and recreation activities to remove stress for faculty?
Why are Jewish families so tight knit and helping each other out? Is family important in Jewish culture?
What would happen when hasband and wife both have the same blood group (A+)?
Why do online writers surround certain words and names with (((triple parentheses)))?
How many people from India and are in Quora sign in Hindi ?
Does quartz pizoelectric effect reduce the electrons and hence reduce the mass of it over a period of usage?
What are the strongest majors in terms of job prospects and what are the weakest majors at Kenyon College?
Who will win if India and China fight now without allies?
What does it mean to be a social justice warrior and what are the goals they are attempting to achieve?
Should I pursue Aerospace engineering or mechanical engineering with 3rd and 4th year specialization in aerospace?
I am in love with my best friend who has a boyfriend. We've been friends for years and I can't help but want to tell her how I feel, what do I do?
A rectifier converts AC into DC but still the output of half-wave and full wave rectifier is sinusoidal. Why?
Can anime exist in a parallel universe and can we visit them far in the future or in the afterlife?
How are the rates calculated for unemployment benefits in Maryland and how is the process different in Washington?
How do I make a career in marketing and advertising in India?
Why is evolution considered a \u201ctheory\u201d and not a \u201cfact\u201d in Western societies?
What is an application where bus topology can be used and ring topology cannot be used?
Which multiplayer server is best and reasonable in price to make games in Unity for mobile?
How do you say \"weekend\" and \"Have a nice weekend\" in your language?
Why did Lord Krishna make Arjuna the instrument to kill the wrongdoers and bring peace, when he could have done that himself?
I went for a blind date with this guy I met online. I told him we will split the tab and he did not insist on paying the tab at all. Is that normal?
I have lived 26years with mother and I am sick of her now. What to do.?
Where can I get data for year wise disbursement of Agri credit in India and also disbursement of agri credit state wise for India?
What is the importance of education to the United States and how are their views of education different from Finland's?
What are the advantages and disadvantages of tampons and sanitary napkins?
What other countries use the same US standards for Toggle and Rocker (Decora) light switch plates?
What is the best budget hotels in Munnar for accommodation of me and my friends in this coming New Year eve?
In the backstory to the movie, were Winter Hill and the Italian mafia really fighting over vending machines?
Can you realistically start a staffing/recruiting agency on your own and make an honest living, or is the market too saturated and barriers too high?
Who is the most depressed and traumatized Game of Thrones character?
How can Trump's supporters overlook his lying, his emotional immaturity, and general lack of knowledge about government?
If I buy a car from California and live in Washington state, do I have to pay taxes twice?
My guinea eats cucumbers carrot and grass daily . Should I add something new to their diet?
Which day can be the first day and last day of any century?
What makes a muscle car, a muscle car, and not a sports/super car?
What makes the 1980s aesthetically so unappealing, and why was it popular at the time?
What did Dhoni step down as ODI and T20 captain so quietly?
What is the time required for IELTS and TOEFL results to come out?
What is the academic pressure and workload at Saint Leo University like?
How do I make money without using internet and without any investment?
Years back in an accident my left hand's ulnar nerve was cut off. I can't feel my pinky finger and ring finger. Since then, I've wanted to learn playing the guitar and keyboard. Is it ok to play with 3 fingers in my left hand?
How do I divide 3/5 without a calculator and get an accurate result?
Why do white American audiences mostly clap on one and three, while black American audiences mostly clap on two and four?
What is a good inpatient drug and alcohol rehab center near Gallatin County IL?
What do professional boxers and MMA fighters do one hour before a fight?
How will scraping of 500 and 1000 rupees notes help in curbing corruption and black money?
In the case of a war between India and Pakistan, which country (or countries) do the USA and China support? Why?
What was the average height of the medieval knight and a man of middle age in general?
I know how to build a website from scratch and I know how to market and do business, would this make me successful in affiliate marketing? Why?
India's Patanjali Ayurveda was found guilty of misleading advertisements and misbranding. Is it a smear campaign against Baba Ramdev and if so why?
What are going to be the merits and demerits of implementing uniform civil code in India?
How do I fill the ao number, ao type, range number and area code in pan? I am a farmer.
How is the difference between the present perfect and personal suffix copula made in Persian?
I booked a railway ticket with Booking status as \"PQWL/3\" and the Current Status showing is \"CNF\".. What does this mean?
Is the \u2018one\u2019 of the natural numbers and the \u2018one\u2019 of real numbers the same number or a different number?
I want to live the rest of my life alone and without working. Is jail an appropriate option?
What should I choose between a 3 year Computer Science degree and being an AU-PAIR in NYC while taking short courses related to CS there?
How can an international student learn German? Is German a tough language to learn and interpret? How long does it take to prepare my basics?
I have taken registration in one state for cost and now I am moving to another state. What is the procedure for registrion?
What is a good book to learn algorithm analysis and data structures for Ioi for a 15 year old with an ok math background?
What hormonal contraceptive pill are you on, and how has it affected you?
I want to drive for Uber but because I've lived in the city and not needed a car, can I use my Mom's car until I get my own?
What is the deepest lake in Europe, and how does this lake's flora and fauna compare to that of Lake Urma?
Would you date (or continue to date) someone who finds politics boring and plans to vote for the person you don't want as U.S. president (2016)?
What is the chance of a US victory on Russian soil, if the US and NATO were to invade Russia from the Eastern front, like Hitler did?
What are examples of unique nouns and how are they used?
Why has the Jewish holocaust received much more historical and media acknowledgment than the holocaust in the Congo in which 10 million were slaughtered by Leopold II of Belgium?
I need a service apartment for an unmarried couple for 4 days in Chennai. I will be staying with my girlfriend, are they safe and decent? Also, will there be a problem if we admit that we are unmarried?
How would I dress in that early and mid \u201890s style?
What is some irrefutable proof that the Holocaust occurred and that six million+ Jewish people were systematically killed?
Why do more young students prefer love and fantasy novels to philosophy?
What is the difference in the meaning of 'guarantee, warranty and assurance which are almost synonyms?
What is it like to attend Monterrey Institute of Technology and Higher Education as an international student?
What is the meaning of \"tho\" and why do people use it at the end of a sentence?
I completed my Company Secretary and which course should I do after that?
To people who don't care about politics and who don't vote: why, out of curiosity?
Any experience of Hampta Pass trek in Mid-September especially with Youth Hostel YHAI and is there any chance to see patches of snow?
Although india is a republic most of the political party leaders are hereditary and they become CM,PM .Is india a quasi-republic?
I need help in academics, I am currently in 3rd semester(CSE) and in desperate need of a mentor? I am in a dilemma of what to do and what not to do.
What is it like to be a audiology and speech pathology professor?
What is competitor Analysis and how do I analyze competitor website?
Is it legal for a judge to sign a court order for children services to enter your home and speak to your children because you said they couldn't?
Who was the dumbest person to become successful and wealthy through his/her own efforts?
How should I plan to complete my 11th and 12th portion for NEET 2017 by January?
Who are good lawyers and law firms in the Bellmore, NY area?
What are the exact differences between invoices, bill and receipt in accounting principles?
How do I learn to accept myself and stop trying to impress people or fit in?
What is your favorite song, and what feeling does it give you?
What does \"Teir 1, Teir 2, and Teir 3\" mean when talking about the military?
What is the opinion of the world about India and Pakistan? Which country do they think is more responsible for humanity?
When can (5) X (5) and (5) X (3) be equal to 20?
What is GEDMatch and why would I want to use it?
What are the best methods to get lots of views and follows for your Quora questions?
What is the full syllabus and topics that I should cover for GMAT preparation?
What accent do Lee Kuan Yew and Lee Hsien Loong have?
This might sound weird, but how do I find my area of interest? I mean I know many things I enjoy and which I'm good at but I just can't put my finger on something that I'm a master at.
What was the best way to study Industrial and General Law in CS-Executive?
I am dropper, I wasted my 4 months and now only 4 months are left and my concept is not clear now what can I do?
Why we feel envy on others and how we can stop that?
How cool would it be if we could transfer our brains into robots, and then send the robots to live on other planets, so we could start a robotic colony on Mars?
How much do I need to pay as agent fee and security deposits to rent a one bedroom apartment in Bay area?
What type of government does the USA have and why does it apparently require so much money to determine its members' decisions?
Will Asana ever include the ability to keep and edit documents on the site?
What are some of the best on and off ground incidents of Rahul Dravid?
Can we download videos from Hotstar and similar websites, instead of streaming it and is that permitted?
My extended probation at work is about to end and I'm not quite sure about what's going to happen. My manager has been away for the last two weeks and it ends tomorrow but I won't get to see her until 3 days after it has ended. Can she still get rid of me 3 days after the date she set?
What is your age? What is the youngest and oldest you would date?
What is the meaning of the song Illusions and Dreams by Poets of the Fall?
What is the consulting career path at a firm like Deloitte and what percent make it to partner?
What is the method to calculate turning radius if only the steering ratio and vehicle's basic dimensions are known?
How can you explain the difference between the imperial and metric systems of measurement?
What could Google do by downloading and storing all the Facebook graph data?
How do you stop letting your parents control and influence your life as an adult?
What are Moroccans like, and how does their culture compare to Kenya's?
What does MJ mean by \"for forty days and for forty nights etc.\" in Billie Jean?
How would liberals, conservatives and libertarians rewrite the \"Escola Sem Partido\" project?
What is the main concept of a balanced diet and what should it include?
I can't understand the logic behind the banning of Jallikattu, and removing Pongal from the mandatory holiday list. Is it time for TN to be independent?
How often do you appreciate your friends and family members for the things they do for you? How?
What is the difference between Nizams and the Mughals? Who were relatively more powerful in the 18th Century?
How do reflexes speed up and slow down the perception of time?
Where can I get best rust and paint removal service in Sydney?
If mangoes are slightly brown and soft inside, have they gone bad?
How can I help my wife relax and enjoy sexual pleasure?
Do marketing, advertising and the PR people decide what is moral now?
I have pigmentary lines of demarcation on my face (especially around eyes and cheeks). Is chemical peeling worth trying to get even skin and remove dark circles?
I am expecting a score of 24.05 in XAT 2015. I scored 11 in DM, 5.75 in quant and 7.75 in VA. I am in the general category. Are XIMB (HRM) and IMT G possible with this score?
How do I stop being quiet because I'm shy and be chatty like most people?
Who is the richest gambler of all time and how can I reach his level?
How much times passes between the end of Season Three and the beginning of Season Four in the Walking Dead?
How effective are current methods of detecting and punishing corporate crime?
What are the strongest majors in terms of job prospects and what are the weakest majors at Willamette University?
What colors are in the Mexican flag and what does the flag mean?
What is unusual or different about the food and cuisine in Kazakhstan?
Why does Jeb Bush think his brother bears no responsibility for 9/11 but Obama and Hillary can be held responsible for Benghazi?
Have people become more judgemental and more reactive in the modern era?
Small hosting company with affordable prices and free web design services, would this work?
What is your opinion about the name of Saif and Kareena's baby Taimur?
How can I get MOOC/E-learning through online web and video courses related to filmmaking & production developed by Indian professors?
I am very lazy by nature. I feel like I don't have a goal in my life. I am not working and not even studying. I don't know what I am doing or what I want to do. I sometimes read inspirational books and stories also, but to no use. I have started feeling ashamed of myself. What should I do?
What are the best studies and universities for microbiology students in USA?
I'm in my second year of engineering, and I'm fed up with it. So, is it a good idea to drop out and start afresh? I live in Bengaluru
What are the best zombie movies and TV shows on Netflix?
How do I recover photos I've sent and received, then deleted on Instagram direct messaging?
Why did Tom Hardy cheat on Rachael Speed, and how did it affect their relationship?
Why do people get headaches, puffy eyes and red nose after crying?
What is the location of Palawan, and how does this Island compare to Vancouver Island?
What civilization, resources and land did Prince Henry the Navigator discover?
Is it necessary to have copulation on the first night of your marriage, and how do you convince your wife if you have an arranged marriage?
What is the difference between a trademark and a registered trademark?
How does file manager allocate files to a single user and what steps could be followed to do this?
Why do such words like hour and honest have silent h?
What are the requirements to become president in the United States and how are the requirements different in Tanzania?
Hi , I am confused between Honda Jazz and TUV 300. Which one shall I buy. My travel is max 30 kms a day?
What are the different design software and their unique features? Which software is used the most? Why?
How much money can I expect to make from stock trading if I invest  dollar 20000 /year and be in the 75th percentile range in knowledge about the field?
Out of Ancient Greece, Rome, the Medieval Ages, and the Renaissance, which would you think contributed the most to our society today politically?
What did the survivors eat right after Hiroshima and Nagasaki were bombed near the end of World War II?
Can you work for both Leapforce and Lionbridge at the same time?
Personal Astrology: My DOB is 10 april 1989, TOB IS 1:09 pm and place is Vadodara. How long my Mairrage will take place?
I have been madly in love with a hearing/speech impaired girl for three years now. We want to get married, but my parents and friends are discouraging me. How can I make them understand how madly I love her?
How would deaf people (no hearing aids) play and enjoy console gaming without being able to hear what's going on in the game?
What are the SAT subject tests, and when do I take them?
My father wants me to give GRE and go for MS in USA just like my sister, but I want to stay back in India and work here, how should I convince him?
Why do I get excited to see a man in underwear? I am a man and I want to touch them. Am I normal?
I learned Swift language but know nothing about Objective-C and iOS. What should I learn next in order to write an app for iOS?
Can you get high if someone touches weed and then you shake their hand and then you eat something with that same hand?
What is the pay difference for a senior manager in Information Technology and a senior manager in management consulting in Deloitte?
Given a fixed distance i.e. Marathon, does running at a faster pace, and therefore, for less time use more or less energy than running at a slower pace, but taking longer to cover the course?
Why avaya and Cisco does not have their own monitoring and reporting tool to monitor UC environment?
I don't love my boyfriend anymore. We have been together for 2 years and I think he still loves me. I want to end it. How do I do it?
I have completed my b.tech in Dec 2016 and want to start preparation for UPSC from Delhi can anyone guide me plz?
I have a savings account with HDFC with a balance of -5000 INR i.e negative 5000 INR. I have not been operating it with the minimum balance and so all the maintenance charges have heaped up. What should I do? Should I ignore it since it's a savings account?
What's the body that governs sports in Germany, and its (email) contact point?
What do you aspire to be and how are you planning on achieving your goals?
Which Pakistani industries are going to develop and benefit the most as a result of CPEC?
What is the easiest way to check if a number has Whatsapp other than saving it to my contacts and waiting hoping it shows in the list of the app within the next 15 minutes?
What is the relationship between biotic and abiotic factors? What are some examples?
What time does the public transportation (MRT and bus) in Singapore start?
What is the \u201cClinton Body Count\u201d theory, and why do people believe it is true?
What's the legality of a signed and scanned document, compared to a paper document?
How do I convince my non-Indian friends that not all Indians are cow worshippers and not all of them text every woman they find on Facebook?
Which is a suitable inpatient drug and alcohol rehab center in Mahaska County IA?
Why doesn't Shivkar Bapuji Talpade get credit for constructing and flying the world's first unmanned airplane in 1895?
Which Engineering course do smartphone engineers study and how many years does it last in your country?
I'm 5'2 and 130 pounds. I've dealt with body issues all my life and tried losing weight the past month with no changes. What can I do?
What is the difference between a psychopath and high functioning sociopath?
Is there a breakdown of viewers per day and Fox News' average income per viewer based on Ad Revenue and Cable Revenue?
What exactly is dark matter, and how is it different from normal matter?
What is the best way to take the IELTS exam and what is the best coaching institute?
I'm depressed, Bored, suffering from social anxiety and am also dealing with loneliness. How can I cure myself soon?
What are the top risks (positive and negative) that could disrupt world economy in next 3, 5 and 10 years?
Which are the other companies in the market who has two-tier share class structure (Like square in recent IPO, class A shareholders and class B shareholder.Class B shareholder holding 10x times of voting power than class A shareholder)?
If my father has kicked me out of his home and told me not to go on his property can I legally get my automobile and belongings back?
How is it that first attempters are clearing the UPSC Civil Services exam and veterans aren't even after 3-4 attempts? What wisdom did they gain to clear it early?
How does an IQ test work and what is determined from an IQ test?
Can I have java 6 and java 8 on the same machine and switch between them?
Can I feed my dog human food like spaghetti and meatballs or potato wedges?
How do I stop sleeping all day, missing classes and responsibilities, and avoiding seeing people at all?
Currently how many states and union teritories are there in India?
What is the major difference between a Immediate Payment Service (IMPS) and NEFT from a bank's point of view? Doesn't the launch of IMPS reduce the usage of NEFT services?
Where is fuel in a passenger aircraft stored and what is the typical capacity?
I am jobless after btech in 2012,I have this thought of going to Ameerpet to do some course and give interview with fake experience .what to do?
How hard is it to create a useful new antibody, patent it and sell that patent for millions of dollars?
What is alveolar ventilation and pulmonary ventilation? What are their differences?
Has anyone ever felt as if they being watched and when looked around there was no one?
I discovered a neighbor neglecting a dog and living in the filth. The humane society helped the dog, who can help her?
What is the difference between Kochi, Cochin and Ernakulam in Kerala? Is it all the same? Ernakulam is the district but what about Kochi and Cochin?
Which subject has more scope between zoology and biology? And how much salary should I get?
Writing: How do you write and send a letter to Ellen DeGeneres?
How do I prepare for BANK PO and SSC-CGL in 16 -17?
I am an electrical engineer. Which posts can I apply in military and navy in India mostly non technical which are not related to my degree?
How do I increase the red blood cells and white blood cells if a patient also has diabetes?
What is the difference between monocoque construction and semi-monocoque construction in aircraft?
What are the Cherokee Spirit Animals and how were they determined?
Is it against the law for my hair transplant doctor and associates to get my consent on higher procedure costs after I was sedated?
What are the best universities for MS in mechanical with GRE 301 (V144+Q157),AWA 3.0 and CGPA 8.8/10 (SRM University) in terms of job opportunities?
Is it blackmail to say 'I found your services incompetent and plan on writing negative reviews unless you erase my charges?'
What is the meaning of \"How do you do? \" and why should the reply to this be the same?
My 14 year old niece is asking for a new smartphone with WhatsApp and all social media apps. Should I buy her a new smart cell phone?
What is the difference between a population and a sample in statistics?
Can one distinguish between Indians and Pakistanis by sight? And by speech?
Which is the best web designing and online marketing company in Delhi?
How many protons, electrons and neutrons does an atom of sodium have?
Can I disagree with parts of the bible and still be a Christian?
What is the Kamdhenu Yojna by Akhilesh Yadav in Uttar Pradesh and how many units have been set up so far?
Should I be concerned if my girlfriend looks at other guys (a 2-3 second stare) and she does that only with guys who are good looking?
Can I do a mix of coconut oil and olive oil for hair growth and nourishment?
What is the difference between nanoparticles, nanostructures and nanomaterials? How are they related?
Why a mixture of iron and aluminium in making power cables?
What are the best colleges in Australlia and UK for MBA.Also which country is better for MBA?
What will be the impact of GST on land and apartment prices for buyer and seller?
What is the connection between data science and artificial intelligence? Is it machine learning?
What is cache coherence and what functions does it carry out?
Double Majors: When are they a good idea and when are they not a good idea?
What are some books to refer for detailed explanation about theories and laws of physics (quantum, cosmos etc) but not much maths involved?
I don't have a driving license and I drove the family car without my parents knowing. I got caught by the police and now my parents know it. How can I earn their trust in me again?
Sicily, Italy: How do you ask for forgiveness from a respected and powerful man in Sicilian/Italian language?
Can I change the university after a year and complete my masters in some other university?
How do I contact a human for Instagram support? My account was disabled when I married and changed my name, but it won't let me submit my photo ID!
What is the difference between piercing and blanking in sheet metal?
I am at the start of my third year in CSE at a NIT. Got good C.G (Spoiler: I am not a bookworm) and all. What should I do or learn to land an intern abroad or at a big firm after my third year or, in short, utilize the remaining time usefully to land a job at one of those firms?
I'm currently in class 11 PCM stream. How do I manage to score well in both of my coaching, and my school tests? Which teacher intentionally make it tough on the students in order to demoralise them?
How do I setup my startup and migrate to New Zealand? I am Indian.
If an immigrant has no job experience, no diploma, 1/5 English communication level and he's broke! What he can do to get rich in USA?
Can we expect a curved screen like the Edge in Samsung Galaxy and 3D touch like in iPhones, in OnePlus 4?
Who are the likely winner for best actors and actresses in the 2017 Golden Globes?
Why do we call computers MAC and PC while PC means personal computer and both are personal computers?
I have very strong feelings for my girlfriend and vice versa. She wants me to have sex with her. Should I do so?
Why do I feel nervous and tremble whenever I see my ex in school?
What does it mean if I email someone after a party (after they encourage me to email them) and they don't bother replying, even after multiple emails?
I have been talking to a very nice girl for a month; she ignored and then declined my Instagram follow request on Valentines day, is she testing me?
Is it better to learn Classical Chinese and ancient Chinese poems with Traditional Chinese?
How can cockroache spray fumigate a human and cause them to be dizzy?
Why do we put a dash and two dots in our signatures?
Are Tamils mistreated and seen as an inferior race in India?
What are the best large and small dog breeds for first time owners?
What are your wishes and dreams for the India in 2050?
What is the job specification and daily task of a mechanical engineer at national rail.
How can I increase my height and weight at the age of 21?
What are the most commonly used SQL queries and how does one write them?
What were the major contributions of the political leaders during WW1, and how are the compared to the ones during the Mexican-American War?
Me and a girl were friends on snapchat. She's not in my friends list anymore, and when I try to and her it says \"Sorry! Couldn't find _____\". Did she block me or delete her snapchat?
What are the good oil and acyrlic paint brushes to buy online?
Is it normal to feel depression, nausea and restlessness and mood swing after four days of continuous sex?
In Romeo and Juliet, act 2 scene 2, Are Romeo and Juliet being rational? Why or why not?
How can you use an abstract syntax tree and what applications does it have?
Has the influence of Muslims/Arabs in science and math been underestimated?
I am a 12th science student. My subjects are physics, chemistry, biology, English and economics. I want to go for BA in economics. Is it possible even If I have not opted for maths but I had economics as a subject?
What is the history of the Glassboro train station, and how does it compare to Kwinana?
What are the good journals and conferences about Social Network Analysis?
What's the difference between \u51e0 and \u591a\u5c11 in the following sentences?
What is the fastest and easiest way to pick up a girl?
In what ways do polar covalent bond and nonpolar covalent bond differ?
When should a dishwasher be repaired and how much does it cost?
How can I calculate the maximum torque and power for a vehicle?
Is it worthwhile, in this day and age, to read The History of the Decline and Fall of the Roman Empire?
How can I apply for pan card and what are the documents we need to apply?
What is the weather in Orlando like on June, and how does it differ from the weather in May?
If I use tablet for ebook reading with Kindle app and if I use Kindle e-reader, both are same experience?
A guy in a relationship keeps texting me, I really like him and I think that he likes me but I don't know what to do?
If you were granted one wish and one wish only, what would you wish for?
What should I do when I am frustrated and don't have one single person in this world to share my miseries with?
Can I open a savings account at bank of america in India and operate the same account in USA while doing ms?
If you could go back in time and change one thing about your life, what would it be and why?
How does environment affect the secondary, tertiary and quaternary structure of an amino acid sequence?
If you stop eating carbs, eat only protein and veggies, and exercise, will you lose fat?
Are copyrights laws fair for the poor who can't afford buying books, and as a third world citizen should I feel guilty downloading pirated PDFs?
Secure home should be like what and how can i make my home more secure?
How good is Deepika's new video regarding women's freedom and empowerment? Is this conveying the right message in the society?
I asked my husband if I could drive to get warm. My husband looked very upset and gave me the silent treatment. Should I be worried?
Name a person (or pet) who has passed away, and a brief description why they have meant something to you?
I just won  dollar 1,000. What three things should I invest in and expect to double my initial investment in a year?
What is Parkinson's disease and is there any cure for it?
What are some examples of abiotic and biotic interactions in nature?
Why are there so many questions exclusively about Pok\u00e9mon Ranger and the Temple of the Sea, Manaphy, and no other Pok\u00e9mon related media?
Why are people who are rude and arrogant do so well?
What is data science and how to become a data scientist?
Where's the best place to order fresh, delicious and low-cost grapefruits online? What about other fruits?
What is metal to ligand charge transfer (MLCT) transition and ligand to metal charge transfer (LMCT) transition?
How important are ethics and values in the MBB? Do they add value?
I am halfway through sophomore year in high school and have a GPA of 2.8. Is it possible to get that GPA to a 3.73 by the end of junior year?
What are the strongest majors in terms of job prospects and what are the weakest majors at Morehouse College?
Why do we have 28 or 29 days in February, where as July and August have 31 days consecutively?
I am a collage dropout and I am 22 year and I am working as a designer and I want to join indian army what should I do?
Raspberry Pi 3 with Node.js and MongoDB doing IoT Project and MQTT Broker is it a good choice?
Can panchayat approve layouts for residential use (land is agricultural and not DC converted, location Bangalore)?
How can an individual become a true, and authentic fan of something?
Where can I find an archive of past Groupon and Living Social deals for each city?
I'm an 11 year old girl and have started my period. I want to know how tall I will be as an adult because I don't want to be a giant. My mom is five-foot-three and my dad is five-foot-nine. I'm five-foot-four. When am I gonna stop gro?
Why does the European culture worship youth and the oriental culture worship the elderly?
The decision of Indian Government to demonetize  rupee 500 and  rupee 1000 notes? Is Right or wrong?
If I am twice as productive as a minimum wage worker, and make twice their pay as a result, why shouldn't I get a raise if the minimum wage is raised?
I am an Indian girl in love with an Afghani boy. I am a Hindu and he is a Muslim. Am I making a mistake if I marry and move to Afghanistan with him?
At first my phone worked fine but after the Android Lollipop update I cannot play any games and now I cannot even install APK (it says APK not installed). What should I do?
What are some local laws in regards to nudity in Vermont, and how do they differ from nudity laws in Georgia?
Why does Arvind Kejriwal oppose each and every act of Modi even if the act is in nation's favour?
What are the major stereotypes people have about Kuwait and to what extent are they true?